Title should read; 'Carl Malamud wants to **buy** every available C-SPAN video for $1,059,544' newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Sorry.	I read it like that anyway :/
Liberal arts degrees are probably not the degrees you want if you want to make a decent wage.  Not all college grads are 'richies' either and are paying off student loans for a long, long time.	No kidding. I have a degree in literature. Guess what that means: Not a fucking thing. I'm qualified to comment upon the influence of Joseph Conrad while standing in an empty room writing out checks for my student loans.
One stupid atheism comic for every 'Amazing [pic]' thread, I say!	The ideal ratio would be 0 comics for every 0 amazing pic threads.
Not all christians are evangelical pro-life homophobes just as not all atheists are Richard Dawkins fan boys.  I know several christians and none are even toned-down versions of this comic's antagonist.	No shit Sherlock. The problem is the crazy vocal Christians that have enormous followings. Someone has to fight them. Should we just ignore someone's wrongs because they don't represent /everyone/?
DLSC	DLSC
I miss AudioGalaxy...must have downloaded 10 gigs of music a night.	Ditto. It was fantastic.
This is solid-black, not invisible.  It absorbs nearly all light that hits it.  Invisibility would mean reflecting nothing, having the same refractive index as air, and *absorbing nothing*.	My first tought was also that if it don't reflect any light that it would be perfect *solid-black*.. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar So where the shades of blue comes from on the picture ?
example?	I think I can help here. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Any one who believes in a Christian God, or any other God, is mentally insane.
&gt; tear/hole in the negative newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Isn't all this stuff done digitally by now?	'Isn't all this stuff done digitally by now?' newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar It is. Now, instead of sending up astronauts with film cameras to take pictures, they send them up with digital cameras.
There is a Common Lisp package, [Cells](http://common-lisp.net/project/cells/), which tries to take one of the key features of spreadsheet programming (automatic value propagation) and add it to an object system (CLOS, in this case).  It seems pretty interesting, though I haven't had occasion to use it.	More generally, functional reactive programming is in the same vein.
You're confusing the appearance of impropriety with actual wrongdoing. A conflict of interest like this is a good reason to *investigate*, but it's definitely not evidence of wrongdoing.	A conflict of interest is only a problem if it's not disclosed.
At that point you would inevitably have someone complaining about the lousy resolution at X magnification level.	Agreed. But then people could just turn off the hybrid thing.
I agree with the sentiment, it's a very condescending and rude way to begin a response. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 	It is very condesending, It would come across as very rude in person to person conversation - or childish at best. But its probably a cultural thing.
Kind of missing the point ... the fact that a competitor is showing that a service sucks is not making the actual sucking less true :)	The same system-gaming happens on reddit I'm sure. It's just a bigger story on Digg because Digg itself is bigger and they were crowing that it couldn't happen.  newlinechar  newlinechar 
[Goths](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goth_subculture)?	Yeah, I was thinking that too.  I'm sure somebody out there will care about the poor Aye-aye -- if only they were reclassified as undead, or something.
No I don't think anyone would want to live there. In case of an accident we evacuate the area for a couple hundred years - so what.  A 20ft rise in ocean levels means that we evacuate Florida, Much of India, Denmark, etc.	Then why are people moving back into Love Canal now a days?
screw the crosses in parks, get rid of the victimless 'morals' crimes on the books as unconstitutional.	I'd rather you not screw a cross in the park. Think of the children!
Burning printers going unnoticed? Is this Soviet Russia?	No.  In Soviet Russia, printers notice YOU burning.
It not THAT bad. newlinechar  newlinechar But the OP has a point. Culturally, Germany was much richer before WW II.	And Poland...
Presumably, those who didn't hole up became the zombies that stormed the safe places where a few holed up.	This segues nicely into another poorly-documented problem with nuclear plants:  the generation of large zombie armies.  This is serious business, people.  I'm all for preventing global warming, but I draw the line at zombies in my backyard.
Uhh, he's the guy who runs digg. Come on man, get with. newlinechar  newlinechar Seriously though, I think he was on Screen Savers on G4/TechTV but I may be slightly off. I never received any of the channels that show was on.	So basically you're saying that people like Digg because it's run by Kevin Rose, and they like Kevin Rose because he runs Digg.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Sounds like the geek version of Paris Hilton &amp;mdash; he's famous for being famous.
Don't make fun of the retards you fag	Stop being so gay about things you idiot.
Ich bin ein Berliner	Yum!
I think Xp was (mostly) an upgrade for 95, not 2000.  2000 was for developers.  95 and XP were for everyone else. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: added the mostly.	XP was based on the NT 5 kernel (used in 2K), so it was an upgrade over 2000. The 9X line died with ME.
Unlike boobs, which are legal in NY and Toronto, the whole funpack remains mostly illegal in North America. For full public nudity, you need European sites.	yeay europe!
bbspot's been around for a while.	It doesnt make it any less stupid. Theres enough real unbelievable news that these sites, onion and I guess bbspot, dont have to print lies. Why are made up news stories funny? its completely made up! I  have never understood why people like the onion.
yeah, but religious persecution is ok... just ask everybody who reads reddit. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Gay-ass athiests.	By your logic, would insulting Nazis constitute political persecution?   newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar When you are no longer able to criticize ideas (religion, philosophy, politics), what good is free speech?
Tim hasn't been bought off yet.  He is a good dude and is right.  Standards are the key to making software that works and allow small companies to compete on the same platform.	Also known as a 'Level playing field'. newlinechar  newlinechar 
&lt;span class='low' style='block:none; margin-top:peed 300px below my belt buckle; '&gt;You guys are fucking hilarious&lt;/span&gt;	What in the hell are you people saying? This is all geek to me.
Oliver Hardy shaved his moustache that way, to much different effect. (There are great Laurel and Hardy clips on YouTube.)  If you need a positive image to conjure.	Laurel and Hardy's most prolific period was before Hitler rose to power.  Maybe Adolf was emulating Hardy's moustache?
I rarely downvote a comment replying to a comment about upvoting a comment about upvoting an artical. But this just seemed like a good opportunity to act like an ass....	I rarely clutter up threads by making useless posts about spelling errors such as 'artical'. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar It's article.  GAWD!
Hilton probably shouldn't be news, but what strikes me is the openness about how easy it is to manipulate what the pubic gets to hear about. why should AP and other outlets decide this stuff? this is exactly why reddit and others will increase in importance.	Yeah, perhaps we'll get a story telling us what Paris Hilton had for breakfast.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar One can only hope.
Fox News: the network that hate built.	Indeed. Hate as a tool to further greed.
How about this: it is wrong to take property from someone and give it to another. Period.	I can't agree with this analogy either. If I applied this to the entire government we wouldn't be taxed for any public services and everything would have to privately provided. I'm not sure, but is that a libertarian point of view?
Sorry, you lost me at 'satanic cult'. newlinechar  newlinechar 	You lost me at 'Dynstasty'.
At least he didn't use any font tags.	I guess he'd have to take his shirt off for us to tell if he's using tables for layout or not.
A CE major should be able to write microcode	CE is Civil Engineering in some places.
I imagine that. I am a biologist and never had shortage of nice, intelligent, beautiful women in my classes.	Yeah, switched to neuroscience, and I swear, there's more women than men.
Did I leave it in the kitchen? Or underneath the cushions of the couch? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I can't find it anywhere, anywh-...oh, here it is.	I'm guessing you just didn't recognize it?
The guy calls himself a 'sucker for technology' and knows how much RAM his video card has. I wouldn't call such a person a normal computer user, personally.	oh come on, that's like knowing the capacity of the engine in your car. It's even on the box in big numbers.
Most people, even very beautiful people, feel pretty awkward modeling. Awkward has no correlation to pretty!	I never said there was a correlation. can you see the word 'but' in my original post? they are not that hot BUT I like how they look awkward (meaning more natural, non profesional). The internet is Babel all over again
Definitely could've used a NSFW tag... newlinechar  newlinechar 	It's Art, not Porn! ;)
[ Post telling original poster not to click the link if he/she doesn't want to read it ]	[Post making vague meta-reference to xkcd comment patterns]
Yeah. We're going to stop using HTML 4 any day now. Obviously it got us nowhere..	Hey, people still use COBOL!
urbandy:  Yeah, but if you look at the FAQ it still says unlimited when ordering over the phone. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.apple.com/go/giftcards/faqs.html	Good point, but it'd be a good idea to use the nested comment system the way it was intended, in the future. If you click the 'reply' button below urbandy's post, your post will go right under his, instead of creating a new thread.
I had an ex whose father was a police officer that wrote a textbook on interrogating criminals, his techniques were nothing like anything here.	So... newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar What were *they* like?
Are you calling me fat!?	You are rather massive.
I suspect that a modal text editor is best for speech-based editing. If it just asks the user for a 'safe word' that lets you switch from words to literal punctuation to cursor movement to math, you'd be fine.	Vi springs to mind. Anyone cares to try and share the result? (I'd like to myself, but with my terrible accents that's out of the question.)
...in my pants! newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar (Somone had to say it) newlinechar  newlinechar 	And someone has to smack you around a bit with a large trout. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar *Smack*
Good point.  Better check and see what [The Conservapedia](http://www.conservapedia.com/) has to say about it. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Oh, [nothing](http://www.conservapedia.com/Special:Search?search=Conservative+Political+Action+Conference&amp;go=Go) apparently.  I guess there's no story, then.	WTF with this people? A fallacy-filled Wikipedia *by design*?
Wow. I guess there is no limit to the reach of Putin's grasp.	He's typically KGB - he has no limits in his mind and thinks he can get away with anything. Foreign governments won't say anything as long as they are buying oil and gas from him.
Well, someone isn't subtle. I'm not sure that Putin is behind this though. This column is still relevant: http://www.antiwar.com/justin/?articleid=10228	I know plenty of expat Russians who originally voted for Putin. None of them have any doubt that he is behind this.
[This is why](http://video.google.ca/videoplay?docid=-1417085460030712897&amp;q=truth+in+advertising)	If you think I'm watching a twelve-minute video to figure out what you're talking about, you've got another thing coming.
I never thought the key to becoming President would be: 'Don't act like a sniveling jerk'	Well, it does go a long way...
Assumimg you are correct, which non-socialist countries would people be leaving for THAT WOULD TAKE THEM?  I'd like to know because I might want to leave.	I hear mexico has a labor shortage.
49.  Damn New Jersey.	Markdown has defeated you. :(
tboy, your fly is open.	dammit, not again
Agreed :) newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Of course, Martin Fowler also didn't invent it, but at least ought to be credited with writing it down...	People don't invent patterns.  They discover them.
&gt; I have no idea what you're talking about here.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Given that he mentioned property lists separately, he must be talking about function and variable namespaces: (list list)	Probably multiple value return, no? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.google.com/search?q=%22common+lisp%22+%22multiple+value+return%22+-emacs
Now, it sounds like you Yanks have money to burn. I just wish you'd stop trying to influence countries who don't have money to burn to implement the same idiotic and expensive anti-cannabis policies.	the prison industry is a method of extracting money from the public coffers that the politicans in power use to enrich their cronies.  same shit goes on in your country too, but they're probably more focused on a different industry
&gt; Fortunately the evangelicals that are more consistant in their beliefs seem to be gaining power. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar How could evangelicals gaining power possibly be construed as a fortunate thing?	That kind of evangelicals has lower birth rate and that is fortunate.
&gt; How is it that in the course of one to two years Python went from a 'notoriously friendly' user community to a 'notoriously unfriendly' one? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar If I had to guess, [Steve Yegge](http://steve.yegge.googlepages.com/tour-de-babel)	I find it highly amusing that I never noticed any inkling of 'permafrost' in the Python community until Stevey told us it had been going on forever.
It's from 2002, there's been dupes of dupes of dupes all over the net a billion times. And besides, it's a junk article with a sensationalist headline which is debunked by another opinion in the article itself.	Mind you, why should we take the contradictory opinion voiced in the article -- that of a dermatologist, not a geneticist -- any more seriously than that of the German research team in the first place?
Is this a deliberate attempt at giving a detailed description of [REST](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_State_Transfer) without using the name 'REST'?	No, not really. The point is that it will be a standardized interface, probably using REST but that doesn't make it the same as REST.
Those boys are in there because they've got problems.  They don't need to be molested in addition.  :(	Why does this opinion suddenly radically shift when we replace 'boys' with 'men?'
Warm blankets, good insulation and electrical heating = no problem.	That's not possible! It's not possible to have electricity in Norway!
catch-22?	Exactly what I was thinking!
I've used both Ruby and Perl 6.  Ruby has its nice features, but it doesn't measure up to Perl 6 by a long shot.	&gt; I've used both Ruby and Perl 6. Ruby has its nice features, but it doesn't measure up to Perl 6 by a long shot. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Agree.  Perl6 has: newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 1. Documentation. newlinechar  newlinechar 
opiate, masses, etc... newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar /waves hands mystically, analyzes class and gender differences	Nice. Upmodded for subtlty.
&gt; so slow compare to c/cpp newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Please at least use m4 instead of cpp.	thanks for the info newlinechar  newlinechar I just has some basic knowledge of c/cpp (and English). newlinechar  newlinechar know m4 not well.
She doesn't claim to stand in the place of Christ, therefor she's not an anti-Christ. An anti-Christ has to claim to replace Christ.	&gt; The ordeal began when she terrified staff by writing the number of the beast on her head and running around the clinic screaming, 'I am the anti-christ!' newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Seems pretty specific about it.
blasphemy x2	I saw the blasphemy against xkcd, but where's the second one?
Fair enough. Now what are five things you hate about Ruby?	Inefficient implementation of continuations is top of my list. It's very frustrating to have that neat a feature available, and nonetheless have to stay away from it because of the huge performance hit.
Yeah, I've got one of these. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar It's called 'my hand.'	If it works that well, perhaps you should consider marketing your hand as a condom application device.  You'd be racking it up in no time, I'm sure.
Yet it forces you to use the redundant trailing colon. How ironic. (: newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar (I'm a big fan of significant whitespace here, but while Python is nice, I think the Haskell people got it just right.)	Haskell *almost* got it right -- mixing do blocks and if/then/else is a pain, and copy and paste from some websites can be a pain.  I think the former is being reviewed for Haskell' newlinechar  newlinechar 
THESE ARE TOTALLY FROM KIMEY'S! I just laughed and bought a bag of these on Friday, three days ago. Hilarious. Only in West Philadelphia.	Ha. I'm in Philly next weekend; I'll totally have to find a bag of these.
Kind people don't want to discourage the submitter by downmodding, so they vote both up. Redundancy for the for the win!	In case something should happen to your post, I've made a backup below: newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Kind people don't want to discourage the submitter by downmodding, so they vote both up. Redundancy for the for the win!
If you believe a dude came back from the dead (its a story of every religion) then you pretty much just watch things and consume them, think from the hip, they always hated the 'intellectual'. Big picture views are just not as exciting as a fucking explosion woo hoo!	Great Zombie Jesus
&gt; And any student of history can tell you this comes hand in hand with 'Bam bam bam! Open the fucking door!' at 3am. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Ah, you mean like no-knock SWAT raids on mixtape producers, stoners, artists and file sharers?	Bingo.  Once government and law enforcement folk start to think of invididual rights as an inconvenience or optional, or somehow less than the rights of the government or a corporation, it is all downhill from there.
I have admined Unix for over thirteen years.  I have run SunOS, Solaris and Linux desktops over the years, and *hated* it, especially Linux.  I finally balked at Vista, and installed Kubuntu.  There are still some annoyances, but I think it's something I can live with now.	Ever thought of changing your profession?
I guess it depends on the circles you run in.  In my field work I've mostly encountered very trim or totally bare.	Are you a junior high school teacher?
I do realize it's not entirely accurate to call anything by Maddox an 'article'.	Great, now Maddox is going to visit reddit and kill all of us thanks to you benny. Jeez. Thanks a lot.
Have you ever seen and ads on Maddox's site? Where's his revenue coming from?	Yeah he had to start selling clothing and I'm sure his profits aren't stellar. I think xmission (his host) isn't hooking it up as much as they used to.
&gt; ...confusing the British spelling I learned in school with the American spelling I pick up on the internet... newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar isn't an error.	It can be, if you only want to use one of them but don't succeed. Presumably, for his job he only wants to use British spelling, but on the internet, whatever.
Me too.  Anytime I see a decimal point, I immediately start thinking 'rounding error', even when using non-float types.	They all break down somewhere. Decimal can't represent 1/3 losslessly, but fractions can't represent sqr(2) losslessly. The advantage of decimal representation is that you can ensure an arbitrary degree of precision by requiring a certain number of sig figs and doing all adding starting with the smallest pair of numbers.
Maybe yours has a non-broken firmware?  Is yours from Orange?	No, I bought it new with no strings attached.
The article title identifies the content as one-hundred women having sex *in the same room*.  How could that be SFW if SFW was an issue?	The title says one hundred *couples*. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar (And in reality, that's two hundred and fifty couples.)
Awww! Who's the pretty kitty?! You're the pretty kitty!	and people wonder why cats show such disdain...
We could play 'Global Thermonuclear War'.	[Defcon](http://www.introversion.co.uk/defcon/)
You can *taste* them? What browser are you using? newlinechar  newlinechar 	The new Acid 0.3.4 beta
And arrays, don't forget arrays.	Object a = new int[10];
self._	Fair enough. I think, like uber, I don't mind the explicit selfs, I don't hardly notice them anymore. If they bother you, though, I guess they just bother you.
At this point I think Oprah could give a flying fuck about her audience.  It's all about the money, baby.  She sold out years and years ago, and she's laughing all the way to the bank.	Where do you think continuing money comes from if not her audience?
Rosie O'Donnell and Tom Cruise? newlinechar  newlinechar 	Hannity and Colmes
The word you're looking for is 'fuck'. Censoring *The Big Lewbowski* is...well...really fucked up.	Your point is dead on.  I opted for the broadcast TV version (in the US at least) because people always cry about NSFW stuff on Reddit (in the US at least).
I do believe that's 'brillant.' :)	T'was brillig?
What do people use instead?  WxWindows?	Wx is nice. The GTK+ bindings are really nice as well. They both have a UI designer (glade), which makes creating graphical apps quite painless.
FWIW, fat does not equal stupid.	It can in internet debate!  Almost anything can equal stupid in internet debate.
Gotta love programmers!	Can I have your phone number? newlinechar  newlinechar 
The the distance between the adjacent marks on a 6 divided circle equals that circle's radius. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar You just draw your circle with a compass and then 'walk' around it with the same radius setting. You then have 6 equal pieces.	Huh. I had never thought of it that way, but, yeah, if you arrange 6 equilateral triangles into a hexagon, they will fit precisely into a circle with a radius equal to the length of one side of one triangle. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Cool.
So you worked with Wesley Chun then, author of the book that I first learned Python from? newlinechar  newlinechar 	Dava Nakayama, Wes Chun, Anand Tolani, Brian Woods, and the whole Four11 crew.  Yes.
Yes that's the answer I gave myself. Not much, but whatever it is is worth billions. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 	Good point. What DOES You Tube do. It really just brings a bunch of shit together. Nothing else. Poor quality vidoes in a little box. Now that I think about it, who the fuck would pay a billion for that?
Werner Heisenberg gets pulled over by a traffic cop for speeding. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 'Sir, do you know how fast you were going back there?' newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 'No, but I know exactly where I was!' newlinechar  newlinechar 	Nice! Too bad Pauli's principle won't let me put more than one orange arrow next to your name!
or AJAX 2.0	ACHILLES!
dupe, most likely linkjack http://reddit.com/info/qwm1/comments	I think this is posted once every month....like a new moon!
The 'remember me' checkbox on the login form should have a label tying it to the checkbox so it becomes clickable. Otherwise, I think the design is great!	fixed
That's wrong!	Yeah! And everyone knows that smoking is the leading cause of statistics!
same here IPython + vim. newlinechar  newlinechar then turn on pdb in Ipython newlinechar  newlinechar and use this: newlinechar  newlinechar http://aspn.activestate.com/ASPN/Cookbook/Python/Recipe/498182 newlinechar  newlinechar to get autocompletion in the debugger. newlinechar  newlinechar 	seconded.  ipython + vim newlinechar  newlinechar 
They only say they're fair and balanced.  Truthful and accurate are never mentioned.	And by balanced they mean the balance they use to weight the crack before they fairly split it between their 'news entertainers'.
Yes! Especially to learn how to write clear and unambigous. Math notation sucks enough already, says a programmer &amp; student :-)	Haskell is very Math like. It's beautiful.  newlinechar  newlinechar Depends on your point of view.
Rule of thumb: Any country that has more than one of 'Democratic', 'Republic', and 'People's' in its official name is neither democratic, nor a republic, nor for the people.	Furthermore, the few remaining 'Kingdoms' outside the Middle East are among the free-est places in the world.
&gt; or the number of finger joints on each hand (three in each of the four fingers, excluding the thumb), making it possible to count to 12 with the thumb. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Cool, never thought of that, I'll remember that.	Yeah, but I just tried to reach the top knuckle of my fingers with my thumb, and it doesn't even come close.  Try it.  Can this possibly make sense?
or the bug up her ass	Or the disgusting horseface that stares out of every mirror.
That's really interesting that you love that.	I like how people use the world interesting...
I shouldn't have read that, armed robbers get zero sympathy from me.	Nor from me -- as long as it's clear that the person accused is the person who actually did it.
Yeah, he'd have taken it and used it to kill her afterwards. newlinechar  newlinechar 	That's right, he'll limp over, wrench the gun from her with his maimed arm, and shoot her back!
That was a nice, explanation, but *it's* just not the case. *Its* arguments are faulty, since 'its' is the possessive as well as the plural.	But what I'm saying is that 'it's' should be the possessive and the contraction, and 'its' should be the plural.  Because 's is how you normally make possessives, and there should be no exception in the case of 'it's,' because it's clear due to context which 'it's' it is.
That can be fixed by simply changing LineBuffering to NoBuffering.	&gt; That can be fixed by simply changing LineBuffering to NoBuffering. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar No, it cannot.  Do you understand why?
Islam again. *sigh*	No, *Saudi Arabia* again.  Just because all Saudis are Muslims does not mean that their system of governance or their laws are 100% unadulterated Islamic laws.
You are qwe1234, and I claim my five pounds.	&gt; You are qwe1234 newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar No, wjv writes very differently.  For my part, I wish qwe would return.
&gt; And this is the very power and beauty point of Lisp. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar It's also its biggest drawback.	Drawback, maybe in some aspects, but it the drawback of freedom, you are free to tailor the language you are using. newlinechar  newlinechar 
I thought it was boring. The girls sound like they're crying... I had to hit mute. It made sex appear a bit depressing.	Welll this is the typical sound japanese girls make in porn movies along with repeating dame, dame (means no or stop) over and over.... newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Kind of sad I think
[Jesus *is* metal.](http://www.penny-arcade.com/comic/2004/08/04)	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unblack_Metal newlinechar  newlinechar 
Wow. I've never seen anyone talk about using ed (who is actually alive and not in a 1980's Usenet post, that is).	Ken Thompson, Bjarne Stroustrup and Brian Kernighan are said to use [sam](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sam_%28text_editor%29), which is like a GUI multiplexer of ed.
[Bukakke](http://www.google.com/search?q=define%3Abukakke)!	Gesundheit.
Hehe, yeah... and she'll know he's not with her for her intelligence and personality.	Depends .. if she calls the left one 'intelligence' and the right one 'personality' newlinechar  newlinechar 
It's weird to watch people sleep *without their consent*, sure. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Don't you think these folks gave an informed consent before the photographer set up the camera and flash in their bedrooms? newlinechar  newlinechar 	Yeah, of course. Alright, I confess, I just used creepy in the title to get more people to look at it. You know, because reddit is full of voyeurs.
**Very** high resolution **cat**hode ray tube monitor able to display 300 gigapixel **pic**ture	That story exists in some non-euclidean space defined by different axioms than my own. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Other people may vote it up, but in my world, parallel lines stay parallel infinitely.
I think what he meant was that it should be the _one_ thing you love about Ruby.	Exactly: one thing with consistent syntax, consistent free variable capture rules, etc.
I agree on NoScript being a top-20. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar It is especially useful in preventing 'adult content' sites from loading something nasty while browsing.	i've always found noscript to be too restrictive.  so many sites use javascript that having to unblock every site is more annoying than the occasional thing i might want blocked
Is this another example of Reflecto-porn?  I think I see a naked guy reflected in the cat's cornea....	I have scoured the web looking for reflecto-porn, and am of the opinion that there is really very much at all. It's a bit of an imagined meme.
I wouldn't really call it bias. I hope we can objectively agree that Bush is a bad president (~71% of the nation agrees). Bias implies bad judgement and a lack of impartiality.	You dont need 5 articles about it though. some towns in vermont and a governer isnt going to do much unless this thing starts snowballing.
Holy fuck people! Read the above. You know what it means of course; a flame war, initiated by a simple misunderstanding, has been avoided. All this by people not assuming the worst, and being reasonable: on the Internet. There's something here for us all to learn.	Nazi.
Why don't they have this anymore? This is a GREAT idea.	SERIOUSLY damned conde nast
Except for [the black one](http://www.footnotetv.com/fnctruthindex.html).	Cool. I never heard of that series. I'll have to dig it up.
I CLAIM THIS THREAD FOR MY PENIS!  The town and county and state is for MY PENIS!  I love my PENIS!  BOW DOWN BEFORE MY PENIS!	Oh no, I feel so repressed and harassed now!  How can I exist with such words like penis used in my direction?  Soon the word testicles may be uttered and then I will be destroyed!
I predict you will be at -100 points within the next 5 minutes.	Wrong and stupid.
You wouldn't say such thing if you didn't **hate** cats. Either you are with us or you against us. You must be a dog person.	I have two dogs and three cats. Nice try, Mr. President.
Message passing is the Prime Abstraction	One day, your messages shall be able to pass messages to other messages, and receive new messages, which can themselves take and send messages.  Only then will the circle be complete...
'Is it necessary to capitalize 'vegan'?' newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Only if he's from Vega. ;)	Well, it's obvious that the 'Vegan' is substituting the 'o's with other vowels to confuse us before they blow up our planet. So long and thanks for all the milk and honey.
I'm an English major turned programmer. Whenever people are surprised that I've made 'such a 180' (as someone put it), I always tell them that both fields are all about the power of the written word.	Do you regret you haven't majored in CS?
Bastard.  I was drinking some tea, and... well, long story short, you owe me a new keyboard.	My rule is to drink only while looking away from the screen.  It's especially important if you have a laptop.
I agree, calling someone 'liberal' here (Netherlands) would generally be understood as saying they are right wing. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar In the US it is the new 'commie'.	Joseph Schumpeter on the usurpation of 'liberal' by American leftists: 'As a supreme, if unintended, compliment, the enemies of private enterprise have thought it wise to appropriate its label.'
I have it set so that typing jj is equivalent to ESC. It's a real wrist- and time-saver. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Just add 'imap jj &lt;Esc&gt;' to your .vimrc.	I like shift space as escape.
best of luck to you America!	Thank you. We need it.
Agreed. I don't see many people getting upset with statements like 'you have beautiful eyes.'	You have beautiful eyes.
Unfortunately the United States is torturing people that aren't terrorists. Or at least they weren't until they got tortured.	Also, it should not be okay to torture anybody! Ever!
And an interesting conversation between Paul and Guido [continues here](http://mail.python.org/pipermail/edu-sig/2007-February/007794.html), where Guido responds to some of Paul's criticisms of the code.	Paul seems like a smart guy. But, damn, someone needs to teach him how to write concisely.
You know what's good? Reading comprehension.	and this applies to me how?
Enjoy your virginity all you programming people!	Enjoy your high horse all you silly people!
I think maybe they changed it so the 'new' page defaults to rising, instead of all. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Try clicking 'all' on the right hand side.  See how you go.	It's always been rising, but rising is weird this morning after we had a slipup last night (I think... still looking into it).
Oh come on, I'm still laughing!  That was pretty funny.	I agree, that was pretty damn funny. newlinechar  newlinechar 
'The U.S. used to be a beacon of freedom and democracy' newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar When was that?	you never saw Rambo?
The photo of the raising of the flag was actually *not* staged. Were you merely referring to the controversy surrounding the image, or has recent research flipped sides and begun claiming the photo was staged?	I mean that it was actually the second flag raising of the day, the photographers were given a heads-up after the first, and they told the Marines where to plant the flag for the best photo op.
Somebody, please, post a rebuttal that Clinton fired a bunch of attorneys in 1993 so I have a discrete focus for my anger and frustration.	In fact, Clinton fired *these* attorneys too.   newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar With mind bullets.
Who's the rock band.	That's what we're trying to find out.
LISP? Who needs lisp when I can just _:%!perl -ne'...'_ and pretty much do whatever I want within VIM.	NANO FTW!!!!!1
terrorist	Yeah, damn cweaver for trying to impose this 'liberty' concept of his on us! I reserve the right to be unfree!
As we all know, China has amassed a considerable amount of human right violations, but U.S. of all countries, is sure as hell not in a position to be finger-pointing.	There is a differential here.  China is significantly worse off on matters like these than we are.  HOWEVER, we *should* read the report and rectify all problems in it.  But it's not like it's telling us anything we don't already know.
Totally agree. Let's talk about Paul Graham getting a cup of coffee.	I think he actually prefers tea.  And he's got an unusual way of brewing it.  Maybe that could be the topic of his next essay.
Even better: click the 'hide' link for every impeachment article. No more Bush impeachment articles on reddit!	yeah, but then i wouldn't get to bitch about people bitching. erm... oh.
I like a Microsoft dig as much as the next guy, but in context it didn't really fit - came across as more of a 'can't really think of a good target here so I'll go for the easy option' option	Yeah, Microsoft don't have stores so they don't have salesmen. It would be better aimed at BestBuy or someone.
Movin' to the country, gonna eat a lot of peaches...	I love peaches. It's the damn ninjas I hate.
betcha those critics didn't think of joining the military themselves. how can having a conscience be unpatriotic and insulting to veterans?	Chickenhawks are the bravest people around.  Nobody dares to challenge a chickenhawk!
Aww, come on, punkgeek. Don't be a tease. Tell us who your footballer friend is. :)	I know who it is.  I'm not sure why punkgeek's not tellin though.  I'll badger him for you.
I think it's because it's a lowest-common-denominator comedy, unlike many of the other BritComs out there, and has been on PBS since forever. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar It's also that, to us Americans, a British accent can make the most banal comedy seem funny.	&gt; It's also that, to us Americans, a British accent can make the most banal comedy seem funny. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar A British accent, and vulgar puns about Mrs. Slocombe's... cat.
A bit of incoherent rage in the statement you quoted, eh?	Yes, there is. Sorry. ^_^
If they gave us this feed in real-time we could create a hunt for Bin Laden game. Millions of people could play!	he's hiding on the nude beaches!
I don't think anybody has a right to end anyone's life. I'm genuinely curious as to why you do think it's okay to do so?	Because animals aren't people?
In one of his comments it said 5 minutes. That doesn't surprise me at all. He is clearly a master at what he does, and he probably needs but a few glances (after the initial study) to draw the subject.	&gt;[About 20 or 25 minutes usually.](http://www.flickr.com/photos/cully/sets/1076165/comments/)
Links to [Structure and Interpretation  newlinechar  newlinechar of Classical Mechanics](http://mitpress.mit.edu/SICM) and the course he's teaching based on this approch ([direct](http://www-swiss.ai.mit.edu/~gjs/6946/index.html), [OpenCourseWare](http://ocw.mit.edu/OcwWeb/Earth--Atmospheric--and-Planetary-Sciences/12-620JClassical-Mechanics--A-Computational-ApproachFall2002/CourseHome/index.htm)).	And Edgar Allen Poe's [*The Philosophy of Composition*](http://xroads.virginia.edu/~HYPER/poe/composition.html) ([Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Philosophy_of_Composition)), mentioned at 23:29.
Neither is your comment.	Comments don't have titles.
Abraham Lincoln did look oddly Arabian, didn't he?	Jesus looked oddly arabian as well? hrm
Scary- seems like satire, but apparently it's not.	Agreed.  These times have made satire superfluous.
&gt; I hate the fact that Ruby has stolen all its ideas from Smalltalk. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar That's not true, it stole stuff from Lisp and Perl as well.	'Good artists borrow; great artists steal'  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar My biggest gripe about Ruby is that I don't know it and don't know what all the fuss is about.
It was for a blowjob.  Why are all republicans interested in everyone else's sex life?	Easy, they're sticking up for your right to privacy.
Explanation: http://blog.outer-court.com/archive/2007-03-07-n12.html	This really doesn't explain anything.
They're right, but neither does China have that right.  I'd like to hear their justifications for torture.  They'll probably sound a lot like Gonzales's justifications.	It's better this way than to cover each other up.
I was hoping it would be Erlang hosting.	[It's been done.](http://www.vendetta-online.com/h/news.html) newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Their backend used to be Lisp, but they have since switched to something they are calling 'Kourier' which is apparently based on Erlang.
Yea, AMD has definitely improved over the years. To the point that many people consider their chips superior to Intel's.	Untill the summer of 2006, that is.
I like it because I'm anal, and I like that the validator will catch me when I fail to close a tag or do something else that would annoy the hell out of me if I realized it later.	+1. Using 'simple' XHTML is like using the highest warning-level on your compiler, it will catch the small mistakes that you forgot and could have resulted in a bug on some browsers.
Did you listen to the podcast for that episode? That was a real, museum-quality model ship! Apparently, Olmos was swept up in the moment of his character and just trashed the thing without telling anyone ahead of time.	Okay, so at least very least the props department was crying.
If I recall correctly, they have a relatively new fab facility in Germany... That's my best guess anyway	They have a very modern and recently upgraded factory in Dresden, yes.
A needless distinction.	The difference between 1 yottabyte and 1 yobibyte is 199,247,188,200,596,976 bytes (177 zebibytes).  I'd say that's significant.
I think the confessional is a attempt at getting part of PostSecret's page views (and eventually putting ads up).  Between moderators and user feedback, I bet spam will be held to a minimum.	I think it's a great idea, but PostSecret has the edge because it includes visuals. It's amazing how a stock photo can make words stand out.
64-bit is a 2^32-fold improvement on 32-bit.  Given Moore's Law, that means we should be good for another 32-64 years.  So, who's started working on 128-bit?  That'll keep us until at least 2103.	Under the assumption that the current growth doesn't turn into an S-curve by then.
I believe most Haskell people hang out at the #haskell IRC channel instead.	and the haskell-cafe mailing list
Well, I think that looks more like a distro-list and not a vendor list. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Do you by any chance have the top ten vendor lists from three years ago and today?	Do the vendors really matter? The OS is commodity, the hardware is commodity.
Evolution is not unpopular. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Atheism is. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Presenting the theory of evolution (a good theory) as fact is.	Evolution *is* fact. It happened. The evidence is overwhelming.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar The theory of evolution, which describes how it all works, is somewhat imperfect but getting better every day.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 
Um...you guys know that sulphur and brimstone are the same thing, right? :)	Yes everyone knows that sulfur smell and sulfur are the same thing.  How was that pizza you smelled last night?  Was it delicious?  In fact, before I posted I double checked with the dictionary to make sure we were referencing different aspects of the same thing.
Exactly newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; I attend their teen parties with them [...] You could say I'm a model parent newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar If that doesn't set the parody alarm bells ringing, what will? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 	How about paying a couple thou for software for the kids? Photoshop alone is $650.
Hey, we put fluoride in the water why not Prozac?	[Prozac is in the water here in Blighty](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/health/3545684.stm).
Quiet now... he'll be stone dead in a moment	A new broadcast from Bin Laden himself! newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 'I feel happy!'
Fucking hippies are only dangerous if they don't use condoms.	I see what you did there
i don't think it's for the worse. it's not possible.	People always go just beyond what we think is possible.  This will give them the opportunity to appear to be fixing it but slipping in more privacy rape.
Boring as hell. Special effects don't make a movie (some of the effects were cool, but 30 minutes of them would have been more than sufficient). I've only walked out of two movies, but this was nearly one of them.	Somebody needs to tell that to Tim Burton
The 2nd amendment isn't about about defending yourself from junkies, it's about defending your nation from tyrants. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Its about, and Jefferson said this, because the citizens need to protect themselves against standing armies.
But not to programming.reddit, and you didn't say 'suck it, Segway'. :)	wtf is this on the programmeing reddit anyway.
A GTI engine on a tractor that's smaller, about 1/3 the weight, and whose single seat not only doesn't have seatbelts, it doesn't even have a seat back... what could possibly go wrong?	Add in the high center of gravity and a steering mechanism that amplifies not reduces steering inputs and you have a spectacularly bad design decision.
I'd *highly* reccomend Gates of Fire by Steven Pressfield.	Thermopylae actually means 'Warm Gates', but I guess a book with that title wouldn't sell so well. :)
'I like big butts and I cannot lie.......'	[Spock Daddy finds large buttocks agreeable.](http://youtube.com/watch?v=nW1iSbU3A_c)
So it's practically geek.reddit.com? (:	I have just [submitted geek.reddit.com][1] to request.reddit.com. Vote up the submission if you would like such a subreddit! newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar [1]: http://request.reddit.com/info/19fs0/comments
I wish there was a way to tag submissions with 'most interesting thing I've read on reddit in the last week'. This would get my vote.	It's the kind of article that you could went through for the second or third time and still realize something new, from a different perspective. I'd vote it up several times if I could.
This thing is f'ing awesome. Can't wait for more refined models.	My son is crazy about skateboards. I'll have to show this one to him. Way cool. Can't wait to see this hit the market. The guy should be a millionaire.
We're up to what, [21](http://programming.reddit.com/info/190mo/comments) habits of [text editing](http://programming.reddit.com/info/m4a0/comments)? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Keep 'em coming. (Not.) newlinechar  newlinechar 	No, we're talking about Vim7 not Emacs21.
If you consider unix to be an operating system whose interface is the C runtime, then yes, that is essentially it. And they're developing movitz under a full common lisp, much in the way linus cross-compiled his kernel from minix.	Why are they doing this again?  What useful characteristics does the Common Lisp spec provide as a runtime?
I know folks at companies of various sizes in the SF area, and none of them has been able to successfully outsource squat.  I'm not saying nobody can do it, but the average US programmer is still way ahead of the average Indian programmer.	The most terrifying thing to me as a future programmer is not that outsourcing works now (it doesn't) but the thought that eventually the rest of the world will be competitive as a replacement for what I do.
Slow down. Nobody's trying to defend Carlos Mencia here. I'm just tired of the constant bitching and moaning over his success. It seems to me that a lot of people do find the guy funny, though.	Dude, a lot of people found *Carrot Top* funny.  How else did he get on TV?
Sometimes I'm horrified by just how little we know about education.	We as psychologists know a lot. But the education train has a lot of momentum going in a different direction.
You're not athiest -- I'm even athier.	decagon WINS
Ooh: did you mean newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar ? Because, if so, I don't think that he meant the same thing you do.	A lens to telescope is like code to computer. I think the analogy is well preserved. newlinechar  newlinechar 
WiMax is even more scarce than WiFi ;)	Oh, yes. But in some (scarcely populated) places it's more available. Well, wifi/wlan etc aren't usually available at all in remote places :) newlinechar  newlinechar 
1940-1045, heh?	Let's do the time warp again! newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I wish I could edit my Reddit listings. Grr.
If it could provide that breakdown, the money wouldn't be *missing*.	The article doesn't even say the money is missing.
Truth is truth, and we're all for it, unless you think the way our opponents do.	Yeh, any time I've even questioned global warming here on reddit I got shouted down.
[For example.](http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Brian_Peppers&amp;action=edit)	Actually even deleted articles, like 'Brian Peppers', and all of their edits are kept in a database.  Even administrators do not have permission to purge anything from these databases, and the content can be restored by another administrator. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar [For example.](http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Special:Log&amp;page=Brian_Peppers)
Man this guy must be rich. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Btw, how many people noticed this while reading Gate's house: 'a domed library with two 'secret' bookcase doors '	As Steven Colbert said, Warren Buffet is so rich, he hired Bill Gates to spend his money. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 
sounds like... whore president	Same thing.
They seem to be coffee ads, but can anyone translate the text?	Rough translation: 'Wake up the (Financial Showman|After-Lunch Ph.D|Employee of the month|Chemistry Genious) that lies inside  you'
I knew most of those things already.	Thank you the all knowing patron of Wikipedia for sharing your wisdom. The list is actually quite informative as opposed to your post.
That explains why those crackpots in the article say man-made global warming is a conspiracy by politics and scientists. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks for clearing it up.	That's exactly one of the points I made above: there is no unbiased rhetoric on this issue.  Both sides have made up their mind first and looked for evidence second. newlinechar  newlinechar 
And the question I put to you is - is that acceptable? Is a paper about an unreproducible system good science? Should CS aim at being a real science?	You don't understand how science works! The experiment should be reproducible from the algorithms/equations/whatever in the paper, the researcher's code is irrelevant. newlinechar  newlinechar 
Yeah, its sad. But I'll vote for them anyway. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Statistically, my vote counts for nothing anyway so I might as well vote for what I actually believe in.	You could vote in the primaries for a candidate who reflects your views.  Statistically your vote will be much more influential there.
BALLS.OF.STEEL	I don't want to know how he got through security.
Woah, took me a moment to get the title.	The lack of quotes around the title of the paper is a type error! Meaning versus use, will somebody please think of the children!
Mediocre people will have mediocre lives. This is true for programming and (not surprisingly) any other career. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar If after 40 years of programming all you have is *temporary knowledge* then you were a lousy programmer your whole life and still are.	*raises his glass*
Yeah, back that up dude. That would be the scandal of the year. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar UPDATE: He's obviously talking about Halliburton's total profit, not Cheney's profit. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar http://finance.yahoo.com/q/ks?s=HAL newlinechar  newlinechar 	Apologize, I did mis-read that. http://biz.yahoo.com/ap/070311/emirates_halliburton.html?.v=1 newlinechar  newlinechar That was the page that I was referencing.
How did you create a total vacuum outside the house?	By quoting the Simpsons.
I am _root.	How deep can these comments go, anyway?
Weird.  I was reminded more of Democrats. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar But they missed a great one ..... 'terrorists cause global warming'. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Go on......thank me =D	Actually I think you have it wrong.  Global warming causes terrorists.
Deleting in protest of Reddit's new anti-user admin policies.	Well, they don't choke to death. If it's against their beliefs to annoy ants then like I said, time to move.
There are other ways to deal with 'unwanted pregnancies': newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar * Free birth control newlinechar  newlinechar * Free abortion newlinechar  newlinechar * Selling reproductive rights newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar No coercion, just more choices.	One of these things is not like the others.
Time to call Doctor House.	It's not lupus.
I think, for the purposes of this discussion, 'beliefs' can be assumed to mean the unfalsifiable kind, such as 'God exists' / 'God does not exist.'  To the extent that that's the case, truth doesn't enter into it...any is as good as the next.	'God exists' is a falsifiable claim. Read 'God - the failed hypothesis' for a physicist's take on debunking god by presenting an argument from basic physics that makes a personal god extremely improbable.
There's pictures of his vagina floating around the internets?	Close.  I think the secret can finally be known.  LouF posed for the famous [goatse.cx](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goatse.cx) image. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar We are in the (ass) presence of greatness. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 
I know is comes as a shock on Reddit, but Bush isn't going to get impeached.  It's pure fantasy--similar to a military take-over of Iran.	&gt;I know is comes as a shock on Reddit, but Bush isn't going to get impeached newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar You gotta be kidding! We came so close last week - just a few more stories on the homepage and REDDIT USERS MAKE HISTORY :P
Sure they do...many people in relief organizations are atheists.  You're falling prey to stereotyping.	Im atheist...I did Americorps health services, newlinechar  newlinechar and I plan to do Peacecorps.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar These don't require religion.
HAHAHAHA!  AhhhHAHAHA!   newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar That is 10 kinds of awesome. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 'Anyone witness a wreck?' newlinechar  newlinechar 'Witness?  I took high-res images!!!'	**This** is the Internet.
No Inquisitions or crusades though. :)	No one expects the Buddhist Inquisition. Our chief weapon is surprise... and fear. Our two chief weapons are suprise, fear, and ... newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar (okay, that was a stretch)
So you define a Jew as 'anyone born in the land/state of Israel'?	Faux naif?  Please, don't humiliate yourself.
I haven't been to law school, and I'm admittedly pretty naive about 'the law', but isn't/shouldn't the primary role of the legal system to be 'to serve justice'? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Dude said it feels like his legs are in a furnance.  That's messed up.	silly fuglybear. the law is not about justice.
&gt; Neither trade is known for its intellectualism. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Perhaps not a salesman, but farmers were the original technologists, observing physics and biology, and inventing ways to get and keep bountiful crops and improve their work-efficiency.	I didn't mean to imply that either trades were dumb.  But both are noted for a type of pragmatism that leaves little time for idly wondering about the great mysteries of the physical world.
&gt;Zionists busily expelling them for being Palestinian newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Sources for this? (Outside the voices in your head, please)	Please, Palestinian Christians are just as much victims of the Israelis as Palestinian Muslims.  A little research would enlighten you, if that was what you wanted. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar giyus.org, perhaps?
Yeah. But Roberts has job security.	Ya, very few jobs are literally secured by the US Constitution.
&gt; I'll concede that vim doesn't integrate with gdb newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar [Google](http://www.google.co.za/search?q=vim%20gdb) is your friend. :) newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar * [Clewn](http://clewn.sourceforge.net/) newlinechar  newlinechar * [VIMGdb](http://skawina.eu.org/mikolaj/vimgdb/) newlinechar  newlinechar * [GdbVim](http://www.volny.cz/zellerin/gdbvim/) newlinechar  newlinechar * [idevim](http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=168)	That's the kind of correction I like.  Thanks!
3 WEA (phenyl mercuric nitrate) is comonly used on growths to soften for removal.	Dude, do NOT contradict the Web!
The question this raises though, is if this was news in 2004, why hasn't anything happened regarding this story since then?	Perhaps it was found to be inaccurate?
Why are people incapable of understanding that criticism of something does not mean you want to legally ban it? Oh, I know, because a lot of people (often religious) cannot conceive of disapproving of something without also twisting the laws of the country against them. See: Homosexuality.	&gt; Friendly atheism is an atheism that allows and accepts theism not because its what is right, but because its whats easy. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar It rather sounds to me like the writer doesn't think society should allow or accept theism.
The four leading social media sites, drawn as cartoon characters. You have to love Digg's lardy ass, incoherent burbling and incontinent bowels.	I would have loved a better headline. Yours is boring.
I would say million would be enough for that to start. Custom homes are pretty high unless you have one of the sckills taht go into it: architecture, mortgages, constrution etc.  Of course you will have to earn a fair amount to upkeep taxes, maintenance, etc.	My needs are modest
&gt;Slashdot -&gt; Newsvine -&gt; Very short time with digg before -&gt; reddit. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Never even heard of newsvine	It's actually less of a social-news site, and more of a user-contributed news source (although it does link in some stuff from resources like the AP). You can see more on their [tour page](http://www.newsvine.com/_cms/welcome).
Well then we have different ideas of withering.  I stopped visiting digg when I saw the word gay more often than any other word.	*amazing* was the one that did that for me...
You should go to Baltimore and tell everyone there how beautiful their neighborhoods really are and how they're lucky to live there instead of some bland suburb.	A good number of them would probably agree. Not everyone is unhappy with where they're at in life.
There were some of us here in Texas yelling at the top of our lungs back in 2000. Damn, no one listened, and the World has gone to hell in a hand basket with the afterburners on. Who'd a thunk it!	Why didnt you take him out when you had a chance to save the world?
You know, I have seen the hecklers that Bill Clinton faces and with these hecklers tonight it is amateur night. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Pwned :-(	He's one to talk about 'amateur night'. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Amateur *eight years* is more like it.
I used to think that a coup d'tat can never happen in the U.S.  Now I finally understand how this can happen.  When the leader is so incompetent that even the brass in the military is pissed....	A coup [was attempted](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Business_Plot) against Roosevelt 1933. They just don't teach it in the history books.
Look in a mirror, instead.	I do look in the mirror quite regularly, but, you know, it just isn't quite the same when you are expecting it.
Why not make it $5?	Offer some tap water for $1, some tap water for $5, and some for $20. Yay market segmentation!
busted or what? Don't leave us hanging!	Confirmed. They performed just as badly when on the phone as when drunk. (Closed course, don't try at home, etc.) Seeing Adam past the legal limit was reason enough to watch that episode. Very amusing.
Nah. We don't want consequences that go beyond being called a berk and voted-down.	berk: now there is a word that is vastly underrated.
Humph.  If the Earth was a little closer to the sun, you wouldn't be here either.  Don't knock coincidence.	The Weak Anthropic Principle wants a word with you. It's no coincidence that we inhabit a habitable planet.
I don't think Buddha drinks beer...	Nope, he just [endorses](http://www.consumablefuture.com/index.php?option=com_content&amp;task=view&amp;id=20&amp;Itemid=30) it.
Yes, it was actually short for picatchu or however that animal on that cartoon show is spelled.  My sister wanted it named like that.	My cats name is Pika also, for the same reason.  My son wanted to name her Pikachu.  We decided on Pika because it sounded more 'girly'.
Note to self: buy stock in Brawndo: The Thirst Mutilator!	it's got electrolytes.  it's what plants crave!
Excepting that Flash video is very poor quality.	Not all the time - it really depends on the flv file that it reads.
Better photos please.  (Yeah, I could look them up myself but you're smarter.)	Okay, I scanned and posted some more pictures that did not seem to be previously available. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar [They're here](http://blog.plover.com/tech/spite-house.html).  Enjoy. newlinechar  newlinechar 
I'm not sold on the laziness.	One thing I could recommend reading would be [Why Functional Programming Matters](http://www.math.chalmers.se/~rjmh/Papers/whyfp.html), which could nearly have been titled 'Why Nonstrict Semantics Matter'.
Must. Not. Correct. Spelling.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar *Arghh*... If I keep trying not to be such a pedant, I am going to burst something. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Ok, couldn't help myself: it's 'tilde'.	Damn, and I was proud of that comment. I stand humbly corrected.
Unless you're raising them yourself they cost an arm and a leg though.	They may cost an arm and a leg, but you get a whole carcass in return, so it's a net gain.
This site might explain why [Yusuf Islam](http://www.yusufislam.com/)'s not welcome.	I'm sure that with that *sophisticated* Soundex algorithm, if someone's name was 'Brittney **Islam**', they wouldn't be welcome either.
And SICP is free online, as well.	Why read the book when you can watch the movie? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar SICP Video Lecture: newlinechar  newlinechar http://swiss.csail.mit.edu/classes/6.001/abelson-sussman-lectures/
I prefer pi.	Pi is exactly 3.
A watchtower? Is that all? Why, I hear that in France you can find entire cathedrals from that period.	This was Viking Age up north. Big stone buildings not thick on the ground.
So basically, it's high time for a [constitutional convention](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Article_Five_of_the_United_States_Constitution).	I care more about this than I did about [Schiavo](http://news.findlaw.com/hdocs/docs/schiavo/bill31905.html).  Where the fuck are the 'right-to-lifers' now?
It is funny, but I am surprised that there are posts past this not realizing it is a parody. Diggesqe anyone?	I also parsed the headline as 'a worker at a vegetarian deli' rather than 'a vegetarian worker at a deli', so I was just confused.
Voters like you are why the reddit recommendation system stinks so much.	Voted up for honesty
For some reason, this problem was cookie-related! After cleaning my cookies from reddit, everything seems to work again.	I experienced the same thing. Firefox/mac said the static.reddit.com server reset the connection. Maybe one in ten times I'd get a zero length file. Safari was fine though. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Deleting the reddit cookie worked. Thanks.
Interesting how you slam 300 for being inaccurate and then cite Idiocracy as an plausible prediction of the future.	Logic isn't your strength, I suppose.
Um, does infinity count? Because I say infinity.	&gt;Um, does infinity count? Because I say infinity. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Sorry, I beat you. I said infinity plus one.
Great if you can find good tenants and always have a tenant.  The first tenant to trash the place and not pay rent for 3 months while you try and get him evicted all the while paying ridiculous lawyer fees might have you singing a different tune.	Considering that I've been doing this successfully for 20 years while never having the problem you described, I don't need your experience-free advice.
It shows precipitation, not clouds.	No, it shows both. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar There are radiobuttons on the bottom to toggle between them.
The style of the article was painful. It doesn't even approach 'conversational,' let alone 'high-school essay.' I wonder if some small group of copy-editors could be payed by Blogger, Myspace or whoever to provide free  professional advice to these people. I wonder if they'd accept it.	Here's the entire article re-written and retaining all of the original information: newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 'Girls like compliments.  You can make girls smile by giving them compliments.  Don't expect to land a nice girlfriend if you can't make her smile.  The End.
Terrorist: (noun) A person whose point of view is or is believed to be not in line with the grand vision for a New American Century.	Ah, thanks for the clarification.  The article does mention the exact date that they got the terrorist appellation, I believe 2003.
How many startups have you done?  I've only been involved in 2 and its taken me 3 years to do that! newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Or do you mean side projects?	&gt; Or do you mean side projects? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar That line is blurry.
Thanks for the blanket statements informing us of your opinion.  You arrogance is a bit awe-inspiring.  Millions of human beings throughout history are, 'just plain dumb,' because they enjoy booze?  Are you drunk?	Ah the argument from popularity.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 'Millions of human beings throughout history are, 'just plain dumb,' because they enjoy rape? Are you queer?'
No, there are good PHP programmers in the world.  I can list them: newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 1. Me. newlinechar  newlinechar 2. ... Never mind.	i never meant that there weren't good programmers that program in php, just that php itself is a huge hack.
&gt; he was obviously a very well educated man newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar *heehee* newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Is our children learning?	Rarely is that question asked.
head.	Then by all means, somebody should give him some head. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Worked for Clinton.
The learning curve can be a bit steep for puerto rico. best way to start probably is get a friend who has played it before, and he/she can fast track the learning curve for the others.JMHO.	Another way- get San Juan, the card game version of Puerto Rico, it is much less complicated but has the same basic ideas.  Games are much faster.  Its a fun game in its own right and it usually gets people interested in trying out PR.
It would still be wrong to ban all black teenagers, just ban the members of those gangs making trouble, can't be too hard to recognize them.	But they all look alike to me...
old frat boys rot in jail... sounds good	Let's not forgot about the several other old frat boys who allegedly did the same thing that night.
From what I see, other leopards would be doing the hunt.	Ah the wonders of evolution. The females attract human photographers, while the males ambush for the kill.
Doing what? exactly.	[Hint](http://www.credit-suisse.com/).
Thank you! I've always had to fight for playing by the printed rules. The game should only last 2 - 2.5 hours. It's that improvised Free Parking nonsense which makes the game go on for days and days.	My favourite house rule is 'Winner tidies up'.
that argument applies to public transit as well. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar personally, i'm a fan of designated-driver programs, but subsidized taxis are better than nothing, and either option is better than public transit.	It cost me over $50 to get a cab from downtown Atlanta to my house in the suburbs. One way.
&gt; What about rape and other forms of sexual assault? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Probably 99% of infections -- but of course that's too _real_. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 	It's also not voluntary, which is a shame, because we like to be able to blame prisoners for everything that happens to them.
OMG Darth Vader is Luke Skywalker's father???  I haven't seen the 3rd movie yet!  I can't believe you spoiled that for me!	Oh, oh, King Kong dies. Yeah, we know it's sad... but it happens every time, that stupid giant monkey never figures it out.
How hard is it to do your job at work and not be surfing reddit?	Honestly?
Money makes your apparent tallness taller.	Only if you stand on it.
nope, I became interested in Ruby even long before Rails.	That's fine, but 80%+ of the Ruby fanbase is there because of Rails.  37signals helped Ruby *a lot*.
That damn MS viewer croaks in Firefox. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Crappy interface nonetheless.  Embed some Youtube for Chrissake.	Not mine.
If you make x votes in rapid succession, reddit stops listening to your votes--permanently.	I strongly doubt the permanent part of that sentence. Unless you mean, in relation to that person, which would explain a great deal.
I am not so sure this is a strictly statistical issue. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I would be embarrassed to fire even one employee and then immediately accept a pay-rise.	A CEO's job isn't to hire as many employees as possible -- it's to hire the optimum number of employees. Anything else is measuring success in terms of effort required -- which celebrates inefficiency.
I assume you didn't see Episodes II and III.	Both are far more watchable than the first. They have cooler battle sequences you can chapter-skip to.
You're supposed to tip UPS drivers now?  For one thing, they never stay around long enough to collect.   For another, I'm pretty sure they aren't making $2.25 an hour, or whatever waiters get paid these days.	I think the guy was complaining about having to bring the package inside your house.  If it's just delivered to your door, you've already paid his tip. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar That said, after reading this I'm glad I don't use UPS.
As a person can tell from the letter, he know her at Stanford.  But the letter is some years old at this point.  (Still good, though.)	It's good precisely because it is dated.  He said War against Iraq is bad before it started.  Saying it now would be monday morning quarterbacking.
Declarative is the contrast to imperative, not recursive (or functional, which is probably what he meant to say). newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Recursion is a single technique (that's usually enabled for general uses by your compiler doing tail call optimization), not a programming paradigm.	Perhaps also contrast loops to recursion.
Aha! Thank you. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Anybody have an answer on the photo-frame-looking thing? I keep thinking that it may be [the stolen laptop](http://reddit.com/info/1anhv/comments), but it doesn't look much like a laptop.	It was a stolen tablet PC, actually, which performs the most of the same functions as a laptop, but can look rather like a digital photo frame instead. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar That's my guess what it is anyhow.
[Back up your files?  You mean that's actually something you have to do?  I thought it was just a saying!](http://www.homestarrunner.com/bizcasfri3.html)	Like, wake up and small the coffee... or see you later, alligator!
And living in a van down by the river?	looking for my lost shaker of salt? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar if you guys were doing song lyrics, i think i fail.
Just have anything important (documents, pics, code, ...) under SVN, an SVN server in a secure location (not local), and perform regular backups of your svn repository (easier to do and restore than backuping your 'work' computer).	SVN still requires a manual step, which our man doesn't seem to have enough time for.
It's this very very small image at the bottom.	increase image size its set to 40x30.  Its cool but its extremely slow reminds me of doing 3d in the mid nineties.
_[A Comparison of Solaris, Linux, and FreeBSD Kernels](http://www.opensolaris.org/os/article/2005-10-14_a_comparison_of_solaris__linux__and_freebsd_kernels/)_, possibly.	A comparison on opensolaris.org. I wonder if there might be any biases....
Coworker's quip: newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 'It works on the virtual machine on my machine.'	Better than 'It virtually works on my machine.'
In Ireland/England they call the ones stuck in tree branches 'witches' knickers'.	five bucks that name ends up in the O.E.D. within a year.
what about 'the lucky stiff' part? :)	Perhaps he had a near death experience (a 'stiff')?
no no we now know there is water on Mars, let him try find water on Mercury ..	It's easy enough to find mercury in water...
Oh. What a clever response.	Oooh, look, everybody! Run! It's *sarcasm*!
Didn't someone once say that to calculate a group's intelligence, you divide the average iq by the number of people in it? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar It sure would explain the actions of some larger corporations.	Maybe, but I'd bet they'd be wrong. It doesn't explain how very small groups can enjoy synergistic effects. Perhaps a better explanation is to scale by the number of communication pairs, which goes up much faster than the number of participants.
Are you in the joke police?	Yes
There's a bevy of Augustuses waiting in the wings at this point. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  I'm sure the Republic will be restored, however. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Hope springs eternal, I guess.
Evidence please.	http://www.adherents.com/misc/adh_prison.html newlinechar  newlinechar A nice article that debates these numbers. newlinechar  newlinechar It seems to depend largely on wheter or not you lug 'atheism' in with 'unknown/did not say'
Yes. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Suing != Successfully Suing	Exactly.  She's suing for $6 million in damages?  Sha-right, she's just trying to extort a big fat settlement from them to make the thing go away.
After all, legislation is the solution to all problems.	OMG!  I'm so suing the Simpsons for sucking when they used to be really awesome.  I'm gonna be a millionaire!!!
Well, obviously this guy is heartless, but the airline really should have some procedure in place to deal with this situation, as he made it sound like the situation was handled poorly as the body was flopping around.	It is not remotely clear that this guy is heartless. However, it is absolutely cleat that he paid $5,800 for a better flying experience. The airline did not deliver. They should refund his premium fee. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 
Save the undead and ghosts, I think very few people actually know who their killers are. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar However, after the attack, you should be able to find traces of hand lotion on the exploded munitions.	Voted up for using *save* as a preposition-conjunction in the same sentence as the words undead, ghost, and killers.  From a syntax standpoint this very well could be the coolest comment on reddit.
I suspect Java with sugar on top _for Windows_ is really what they were going for.	Seems like it to me. If you want to see what happens when they let their bright minds go play check out F#.
Skip to 1:56 where the video starts.	tip: add #1m56 at the end of the URL: http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=3147833455273735180&amp;q=knuth#1m56
Bah. In my day, we used the [Dragon book](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Compilers:_Principles%2C_Techniques%2C_and_Tools)! And we LIKED IT! newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Stupid computer scientists! Always writing new books! Get off my lawn! newlinechar  newlinechar 	The dragon book is overrated and only covers primitive technology. Try [this one](http://search.barnesandnoble.com/booksearch/isbnInquiry.asp?z=y&amp;EAN=9780521607643&amp;itm=4) instead. And then follow it up with [this](http://search.barnesandnoble.com/booksearch/isbnInquiry.asp?z=y&amp;endeca=1&amp;isbn=052103311X&amp;itm=10).
[edit] Updated mirror. Bandwidth away!: newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar * http://img170.imageshack.us/img170/3286/humantimelinedk4.jpg	all I see is a leech on some guys arm, and an image removed.
I don't think you get sarcasm...	Ah, I guess I don't:) I didn't konw it was sarcastic:)
4	6
I don't understand that. Why not buy the property for face price and make them pay you whatever exorbitant sum that would have been? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Or is that what you meant?	You might not have the money.  And two people want the property.  So rather than purchasing it and wasting your money.  You start bidding war.  So even if someone gets the property, they have zero cash to do anything with it.
Actually I never applied to UVA because I had no desire to be surrounded by self-satisfied dicks like yourself.	Was that the reason?  Really?  Or is it that you knew you couldn't get in?   newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar We would never have crossed paths.  Angry losers like you kept to themselves and their D&amp;D boards.
I didn't do it because I care about karma; I did it because the previous poster hijacked the link for his own editorial remarks.	How was the link hijacked for his own personal remarks? And who is to say 'reality tv star' is any more valid than 'jennicam 2.0?'
Simply imagine a rotation in n-dimensional space, and then set n=248.	Don't listen to him! It's A Lie!
Not just that, he's the vice-chairman of the [Senate Democratic Caucus](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Senate_Democratic_Caucus). newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar edit: It's still a very informative article.  Also *crooksandliars* doesn't misrepresent his party affiliation.  Just an oversight on Flem's part I guess ;)	Crap. I'm so used to typing '(R)' in the headlines that I kinda do it on autopilot now. Sorry guys.
You posted 1 minute after the cartoon was put up. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar You either have a bot or no life. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar You may have already been replaced by a very small shell script.	Or he just got lucky. There are hundreds of xkcd readers on reddit, one of them is bound to be the first.
Yeah, that was it.	Many parts were simply copied from the linked [original article](http://aimath.org/E8/) which I find somewhat easier to read. Just thought I'd share.
That's a terrible Venn diagram. The intersection of 'politics' and 'religion' is 'The Dark Ages'? Does that make any sense?	In the sense that in the Dark Ages we were living in much more of a theocracy, yes. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Maybe it should have been labelled 'Theocracy' instead?
I am not a lawyer, but I don't believe that pornography is illegal in Canada.  If it is, I am breaking a few laws with the digital content on my computer and... oh, here come the mounties now to take me away.	Canada does have some restrictions on porn.  There is a rather hilarious list [on the smoking gun](http://www.thesmokinggun.com/archive/0823041canada1.html) of porn titles that are banned in Canada.
Presidential Medal of Freedom.	and a Presidential pardon.
Was that the reason?  Really?  Or is it that you knew you couldn't get in?   newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar We would never have crossed paths.  Angry losers like you kept to themselves and their D&amp;D boards.	wow you cut me deep with that D&amp;D joke...
Seems the patent examiner profession has gone downwards since Albert Einstein left to become a physicist...	He already was a physicist when he worked at the Swiss patent office... I doubt they would have hired an examiner without a degree in some relevant field.
I think it's funny that your friend Chris actually took the time to criticize against such a patent. I wouldn't be be able to dignify the patent with any argument at all other than laughing. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: typo.	Even when bad patents are absurdly bad, it's important to point out their flaws, if only to establish an evidence trail that can be used to fight the patents should the opportunity or necessity arise. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: fixed typo.
Agreed, but is it cheap enough CPU-wise to make up for the savings in bandwidth?  It'd be nice to get actual numbers when people claim things have a 'minimal' impact	The short answer is yes.  Especially on a site like this that is so text heavy.
And what do I do with that extra 1/100th of a second I have now that my page loads faster?  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Play legos!	take time out to blink?
So old it hurts. I'm bored of this already.	I liked the multi-lingual presentation. I was not aware that the Memasang Jebakan phase of the operation was so diabolical.
Best is: Damn Reddit in a Self referencing Post?	No Best is: Paul Graham; Good Painter?
If that list is linked, you better rethink!	But if it's really a tree, set my client free!
Oh, US cities.	Do anyone have a link for comparison of salaries for developers around the world?  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I found some interesing link: newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar http://uclue.com/?xq=130
That image was 200 pixels wide. What the hell kinda monitor do you have at work that your boss would have a problem with that image appearing on your screen? Are you running on a CGA display or something?	And the minor details that: newlinechar  newlinechar a) it's a cow newlinechar  newlinechar b) where did he think milk came from
I can't hear you, could you post that again in a larger font please?	# McCain is obviously a fucking idiot.
What I really wanna know is, why is [Velma from Scooby Doo](http://gawker.com/news/andrew-sullivan/andrew-sullivan's-new-look-235867.php) hanging around outside of Andrew Sullivan's window?	Heh, he had a post about that.  No one is really sure.
Hear hear. I am totally enthusiastic about free software but I tend to ignore anyone childish enough to call Microsoft M$ and indulge in those kind of gross generalisations.	&gt; but I tend to ignore anyone childish enough to call Microsoft M$ and indulge in those kind of gross generalisations. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar That is itself a gross generalization.  I meta-ignore anyone who...  and meta-meta ignore myself.
In other words, Erlang	erlang or any other decent Actor based system.
I've done this and it works, don't know why doctors don't recommend it as it seems to work in almost every case.	'60% of the time, it works every time!'
windows lock-in *and* manual memory management?  sign me UP!	I quite honestly couldn't have said it better myself.
Dapper Dan LTS (long term service), is there for people that don't want to struggle with experimental issues like this one reported for Edgy Eft.	This is a good thing, but most newbies would have to go out of their way to find this LTS thing.
That has never been the stated purpose of any ratings system aimed at age prohibition of film.  If a theater had an 'adults only' room or whatever, that is quite a different thing than saying 'this movie is inappropriate for people under age X'.	I'm not claiming that that's the intent of the system, but if and when it works, that's one thing it accomplishes.
I really liked that read, put a new perspective on empire for me.	Check out Jason Godesky's work on catabolic crisises. He spends a lot of time on these ideas. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar http://anthropik.com/thirty newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Also check out John Michael Greer, How Civilizations Fall: A Theory of Catabolic Collapse newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.xs4all.nl/~wtv/powerdown/greer.htm
metabolism changes	make me :-(
I basically agree with spoonage. Vista doesn't deserve all the hyperbole and smear. It's definitely a moderate improvement over XP. The most scandalous thing you can say about Vista is that, while cool, it's not worth the &gt;$100 upgrade.	&gt; It's definitely a moderate improvement over XP newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I think that's the point, after 5 years and billions of dollars all we get is a  **moderate Improvement** !! newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 
Linux and FreeBSD aren't companies	And they aren't Microsoft either. Whole different ballgame.
Global cooling was only a scare story in a few popular press magazines - not a single paper was published by any scientist warning of global cooling or a new ice age. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.realclimate.org/index.php?p=94 newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.wmconnolley.org.uk/sci/iceage/	You do know that realclimate.org is Michael Manns website(with a few of his buddies), this is the guy who's still defending his hockey stick warming graph that's been proven to be rubbish.
That's why it took three robbers to make off with the booty.	Moe, Larry &amp; Curly?
Zeus gets around.	It's good to be the king.
It should work with Iceweasel. We test for the gecko rendering engine. We're still working on supporting KHTML (which means Safari isn't currently supported).	Why not have a 'let me try anyway' button?
What seems to be the problem here?	I told you to cover Slashdot. What are you doing here?
Ditto, I'd also like to note that Americans shouldn't be apologizing for fuckups caused by upper-management even if they did vote for him. Upper management should be fucking apologizing.  Personally I'll take his resignation though.	If you voted for Bush in 2004 then you are to blame. There was plenty of evidence by then.
Upvoted if for no other reason than a nice collection of links at the end of the article.	yes, the links where excellent.   newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I esp like this one http://www.erlang.org/ml-archive/erlang-questions/200302/msg00013.html
Presumably a wry joke on Lois' part.  I thought it was very funny.	Oh, it was the woman who was saying that. I didn't notice at all. You're right, it is funny then. :)
Care to share any examples of the redundant syntax? Nothing really jumped out at me as being redundant in that department. Then again, I use Perl daily, so maybe my nose is off.	Not so much redundant syntax as redundant methods. print, puts, p, $stdout &lt;&lt;. Array's methods -- which have destructive (...!) versions of them? Which methods have two names? In what subtle ways are these two technically different?
Is that site reputable? Looks like they can't even put spaces in between words. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Kind ofmakes the whole articleseem less reputable, ifyou askme.	Still, it's based on Cornell U study... reputable enough for you? ;)
That's horrible! This could go very, very wrong. Nice quote from the cop: newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 'I'm not technical, I just shoot people.' newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I fear that griefers and spammers are going to destroy Justin.TV before it really begins.	ruin it?  this stuff is great!!!  :)
with kids in the car... in order to blow stuff up. Do I have to spell everything? Christ!	He's playing dumb to piss you off.   newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar He's a troll.  Ignore him.
I am amused that a there exists a site called 'seaslugforum.net'	Obviously 'seaslugforum.com' was already taken.
I like this complaint: newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Table based sites are so 19th century. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Wow, the web, way back then, before computers!	Well, we've had tabbed browsing since 1588... newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar http://reddit.com/info/tp7n/comments
It was 'A Few Good Men,' not 'Top Gun': newlinechar  newlinechar http://newmexiken.com/archives/2007/03/0010580.php	Ah damn you're right... I got my republican scandal poster boys who were based on Tom Cruise characters mixed up again.
Just looking at those pictures made my palms sweat. Those people must have nerves of steel.	If all idiots with short lifespans have nerves of steel...
I think we may be seeing the beginning of the end. I've got my fingers crossed.	yup. bush is a goner. firing US attorneys for political reasons is about as illegal as it gets.
What, *again*?  Jesus, I'm *exhausted*. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Can't we just cuddle?	i'll get a pillow for your knees.
That's beautiful. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 'Most of us want no part of a president who is cynical enough to use the majesty of his office to evade the one thing he is sworn to uphold the rule of law.'	if they testify under oath the terrorists have won.
Oh I agree, there are always problems with absolute rules.	Including that one.
The thing is made to fit snugly around an average-sized erect penis.  The thing is hardly of Goatse-sized dimensions. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar It might not be the most comfortable thing in the world, but it's certainly [not nearly as big as you might assume](http://blog.pkdilles.net/public/images/RAPEX.jpg)	Here's another shot: newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.smh.com.au/news/world/controversy-in-south-africa-over-device-to-snare-rapists/2005/09/01/1125302683893.html
Because nothing says erotic like a partner who views sex as a compromise.	You know what's *less* erotic?  No sex at all.
aka Portuguese Man O' War	thanks
&gt;world famous revolving-door prison system newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar It seems to be a plot of the percentage of people in jail *at any one time*.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Canada = shorter sentences?	Also not so many people serving long terms for minor pot possessions.
Funny how the Watergate tape gap is 18 minutes as well...	This is how incompetent our current administration is: It takes a whole day for them to do as much obstruction of justice as Nixon accomplished in just a minute.
yes, it does. You are absolutely incorrect.	You're wrong; peg_leg's post proves it
ideally	[burninating all the peasants in the countryside at that](http://www.homestarrunner.com/sbemail58.html)
Wait till you actually read it. Oi ve...	You don't need to read it, I can describe it to you. Take the plot from Star Wars, put it in a high fantasy setting, then have a sugared-up teenager write the whole thing. There, you now owe me quite a few afternoons of pre-saved time.
Uh... Oh.... It was a dark and stormy night... Umm.	The end.
You have to be delusional yourself to understand what 'the decider' is saying.  Its part of the plan, man.	huh?  what?  but that's not what fox news told me!  he's smart and bold and great and.....stuff.....
It was a dud and didn't go off... simply landed on them.	Squished by a dud nuclear missile.  That would suck - not even a good story to tell.
http://www.whatliberalmedia.com/ newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Just because fox news says it over and over doesn't make it true.	Heck, that doesn't even make it *news*. newlinechar  newlinechar 
So, who copied who? David or Jamie? newlinechar  newlinechar From a previous reddit post: http://www.csd.uwo.ca/staff/magi/personal/humour/Computer_Audience/Funny%20UNIX%20Shell%20Commands.html	I don't know but it's not funny. Not at all.
Are you thinking what I'm thinking, Pinky?	We can use traffic lights now?
Contact your elected officials using this handy tool from the GOP, newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar http://rnc.org/GetActive/WriteElectedOfficials.aspx newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Also, Letters to the Editor, newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar http://rnc.org/GetActive/WriteNewspapers.aspx newlinechar  newlinechar 	I wish I could, but I'm Canadian. I urge any Americans reading this to do that though, because due to recent meetings between Canadian PM Stephen Harper and John Walters, [Canadian drug policy](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/servlet/story/LAC.20070223.DRUGS23/TPStory/National) looks like it's going to become a tough, law and order approach like is popular in America.
That was good. Reminds me of the time I was asked to feel out a Safeway card. My name is Heyman Eyluvvya. Now everytime I go in they say, Thank you Mr Eyluvvya!' newlinechar  newlinechar     'I love you too baby.'	&gt;I was asked to feel out a Safeway card. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Is that even legal?
Yikes, $150 for a pair of earphones. Although I paid 35 for mine, which is about $65-$70. Not such a big leap, I suppose.	Sony generally makes pretty crappy audio equipment.  The Etymotic ER-4S are probably the best in-ear headphones at around that price point (lots of reviews online, so make your own decision; I love them).
haw haw!  good on ya!  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar my best friend is actually a consultant over here, and i always refer to him (jokingly) as the 'consultick'.	It is a moral obligation to part a fool with his money. The fool here is the organization you work for.
I'm not sure what's being under or over escaped but if you file a bug at http://code.google.com/p/google-code-prettify/issues/entry with an example, I can try and fix it. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar cheers, newlinechar  newlinechar mike	I think they're whining about reddit, not your code.
I am curious, who came up with the overly complicated escaping scheme for HTML (I assume it started with SGML) instead of the much simpler backslash schemes used in other documents?	Well, backslash schemes break down right at the point you want \\foo to mean \\{foo} and not \\{f}oo.  SGML/HTML/XML entities make prefect sense, really, and are nothing to complain about.
Odysseus stuck wax in the ears of his crew so that they wouldn't hear the song of the Sirens.	Today you can buy silicone 'wax' for the very same purpose. When my daughter was but a year old, we took her to Lillith Fair. She slept through most of it, thanks to the 'wax' in her ears.
Huh, this story just get weirder and weirder. I kinda hope they nail Rove with obstruction of justice.	And Gonzales, and Sampson and...
Clearly the breeze wants a glass of water.	The breeze may require a glass of water, but it is incapable of knowing  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar &lt;/buddhism&gt;
There hasn't been peace in the Middle East since WW1.	I miss the Ottomans.
Why?	Because his old last name is now his maiden name.
In other words, Dilbert has jumped the shark	I stopped reading Dilbert years ago, but that strip is spot-on. I know too many people in that situation.
Yes, many do.  But this linked blog entry looks to be fumbling around with some concepts without actually illuminating anything or exploring the issues in any interesting way.  He totally punts when he gets the the interesting functional methodology. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Perhaps.  But I still give him credit for doing his exploratory hacking in public.
I thought the 'McShits' were something you got after one of those McGriddles!	Not to be confused with the Taco Bell Blues...
lacism. ror.	RoR?  Now I see where they got that!  Bastards!
I agree. And on that note it would be lovely if a bunch of young people went in to a McDonalds and started up a union. It has not yet been done. The one time it was seriously attempted they closed the restraunt down.	i believe there's a mcdonald's union in japan and one in new zealand. the NZ guys, part of 'Unite' have also organized pizza hut, starbucks and KFC. i think there's a movie about them called 'super size my pay.'
Well, no worry, soon it can be rewritten in Pugs. :)	Augh!!! newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Stop broking my brain!! :-O
People are assholes.	Real assholes to boot!
Bush Appeasers.	Loyal Bushies
Well, you have to admit, in western culture, they are a recent addition.  Who knows if they're here to stay?	They are... because it's expensive to remove them.
You know nothing of economics! House numbers are a commodity, and thus their prices fluctuate according to the law of supply and demand. Clearly 9s are in short supply now, so the price has risen. Are reaching the era of Peak Nine?	I hear BP has recently discovered a large deposit of 9s in the North Sea, I'm sure these prices will correct soon unless those dirty stinking hippies delay the off-shore Digit Extraction Platform on environmental challenges. newlinechar  newlinechar 
Are you sure about that?  I don't think employees are gaining more power at all.	Well employees have certainly gained more benefits.  This could simply be resource allocation, as I would think higher benefits means lower salaries.  But this still requires effort and flexibility on the part of the employer to try and attract the best candidates.
beware of anyone who claims to speak for everyone of ANY group.	beware of anyone who thinks having three monitors makes you an 'elite' programmer.
Many times (such as right now, a gorrilla?) i simply cant figure out what the hell the reddit logo is up to. Perhaps clicking on it would lead to a page that is updated by the logo creator explaining what it is?	+1. I've often automatically clicked on the logo subconsciously expecting it to take me to an explanation (conditioned by the google logo)
Was Starbucks available in New Mexico in 1992? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I remember McDonalds coffee when it was insanely hot. I hated carrying it withough one of their trays because it would sear my fingers through the styrofoam.	&gt; Was Starbucks available in New Mexico in 1992? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar No. The first Starbucks in Albuquerque showed up (if I remember correctly) in the rebuilt UNM Bookstore in the mid '90s. They quickly spread from there.
Yeah, for some reason, everyone had always used .com up until now.. you just discovered a backdoor. :)	shh...bobcat might hear you...
Yeah, like who has ever heard of 'A Modest Proposal' pffft..	'A Modest Proposal' wasn't at all over the top in terms of writing. In fact, that he sounded so serious about it was what made it great.
I compared them only in the final outcome of a potential conflict. Iran has the capability to hit back *much* harder, but not enough to defeat the US militarily. newlinechar  newlinechar 	military defeat isn't the only form of defeat.
Well, they give you 60 seconds, and there's only a few things to do.  It's not *that* hard.  If it were a proper game that was supposed to last for a while, it'd be a bad interface, but for what it is, it's sufficient.	That depends on how fast your computer is.
And don't get hard-ons whenever they use an ellipse (I get a hard-on whenever I use a semi-colon, but I think that's a special case).	'ellipsis', the ellipse is the geometric figure.
'Why would Iran want nuclear weapons? To try to equalize the US might.' Or maybe to try and level the playing field with Israel. And then there's Pakistan and India who each have their own stockpile of nukes. How did Pakistan get nukes?	'How did Pakistan get nukes?' newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar China
'Small is beautiful'. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar     def f(lst): return ''.join(map(chr,lst))	&gt; `def f(lst): return ''.join(map(chr,lst))` newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Hah!  Python has Scheme's speech impediment? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: looking at that page, I see that it doesn't.  Shame on you!
&gt; You can fake it: newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Ironically, this is very much like the [modern Scheme method](http://programming.reddit.com/info/vywm/comments) :-)  As Scheme also has nested DEFINE	You might be interested in [this](http://schemecookbook.org/Cookbook/IdiomSharingState).
From the sound of it, their customers probably don't give a flying shit and think the girl got what she deserved for having a 'fake' doll.	&gt;From the sound of it, their customers probably don't give a flying shit and think the girl got what she deserved for having a 'fake' doll. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar American Girl fanboys? Or is that fangirls?
&gt; I could be on YouTube right now...Check it out I'm buffering. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I've never seen this guy before, but he's great!	In small doses... he gets old really fast - see his 'Dmitri Martin: Person' comedy central special.
in other news: bear caught defecating in woods, pope exhibits catholic tendencies	[Myspace is Completely Retarded](http://reddit.com/info/1c8gm/comments)
Honest question: Do you worry that you might not hear the smoke detector should it go off?	I worried about that 'til I realized that I remove them in my sleep!  Weird.
[Skitt's Law](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skitt%27s_Law) strikes again!	If you want to see what happens to a culture that obesses over spelling errors, look at Nazi Germany.
You surely troll. Would you just charge off to jail for a few years, for heroism?  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar But I have to say, if his breaking silence was to go and tell _Congress_ I have to think a judge or jury would be sympathetic.	You assume that it would go to a jury.   newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Remember, the Sheriff of Nottingham has stated explicitly that there is no constitutional right to habeas corpus.
Stop.  Go back.  Reread.  Think. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar [Sodium.  Chlorine.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sodium_chloride)	Set your browser to display the &lt;sarcasm&gt; tag. On Firefox, go to about:config, create a new boolean key named dom.sarcasm.enabled, and set it to true. I'm not sure what it is in IE, but it's probably in the register somewhere, search regedit for 'sarcasm'.
I assume your talking about Texas.  As a Blue Cross Blue Shield sales manager once actually told me, the trick is 'making eye contact and a firm handshake'.  I really dislike living here (fixing that soon).	No not Texas.  Tennessee.  Texas' Big Brother.
I agree, but I think the more important question is How the Hell do you get into that tree chair? I don't care how expensive or comfortable it is, but it's just not practical for any work desk I've ever seen.	The question is, how *don't* you get into the tree chair? It looks like its goal is to provide support in all kinds of weird positions, which would be great for me, because at present I am sitting in a very contorted manner in a standard dorm chair.
Unless they call and ask permission first, they're still invaders, regardless of whether their intentions are observation, exploration, colonization, etc.	Well unless... really unless those aliens come to the US to remove Bush and instore democracy. They could even call that mission 'Operation Americans Freedom'. That sounds like a good movie to me. We could even star Will Smith.
Underscores!	I tend to agree. I'm Python fan and really enjoy the language but the underscore notation is just plain wrong and misleading .
That's a pretty sad story.  I wonder if he thinks it's had a happy ending?	I'll bet he does: today there are more people using Free Software, and writing and contributing to FS, than at any prior period in history. newlinechar  newlinechar 
No, young artists get the cuties because the aforementioned cuties are rebelling against their fathers. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar After an artist hits around 27, if he isn't making money he'll be sleeping alone. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Before 27 are some of the best times to get laid.
its like a sausage party. except everyone plays video games.	Thanks. I'll know to avoid one if I'm ever invited. I mean even if I were foaming at the mouth gay, I think I would be better off skipping something like that. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 
I've heard that people in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland are a touch partial to the occasional brew too..	yes for scottish tea just add a half bottle of whisky to the pot and a few oats - this will make most things scottish.
&gt; Why resist? they arent being captured by americans newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I guess you don't agree we owe them gratitude for keeping calm under threat of violence.	thats not what he said
Happier?	That's up to the individual.
The context is that a Lisp interpreter was implemented in about 100 lines of Factor code.	It keeps amazing me how little code it takes to write things in factor. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar However, this is still lacking some context.  I assume it's a rather minimal Lisp-1, probably statically scoped, similar to Scheme?
There's also 'Die Toten Hosen' und 'Die rzte'	Terrorgruppe!
More importantly, does it run Linux?	You'd know the answer to that question if you R'dTFA.
I'm very fond of Twinings Irish Breakfast Tea, as well... somewhat similar to English Breakfast, but stronger and more flavorful. At least in my opinion. And I've never really liked Earl Grey either.	Here, here! The Irish Breakfast option from Twinings is excellent.
He believes something considerably more offensive than that IQ varies by race. So, no, that would be less accurate.	Setting aside that offensive != wrong, which belief(s) do you consider offensive?
These fathers have their expectations set way too high...  They should be a little more realistic, with perhaps a pledge for no gangbangs.	I'm just going to tell my daughters that going ass-to-mouth is absolutely something that they should never do.
I find it kinda sad that calvin and hobbes is not longer made. I grew up on this comic, and reading them now its like a whole other meaning.	Likewise... The snowmen also don't look as neat and clean as the drawings... I guess that's the perk of them being drawn out, as opposed to made out of real snow...
You mean this strange concept called _reality_?	Be very, very careful with reality. It has a well-documented liberal bias.
Perhaps.  But if enough people show up for nothing, then it'll still be something...	Perhaps - but only if there is beer
but doesn't it seem odd that this trend was already in effect in 2004 and yet the Democrats lost seats in Congress and the presidency?	The election was still close, even though Democrats nominated one of the most unelectable candidates possible. The shift was in its early stages then, but the Dems basically gave the election away by nominating Kerry.
A 25 year old woman is less fertile?!?	My point was more a general one about men preferring younger women as a successful evolutionary strategy, but [apparently, yes](http://www.donorivf.com/agefactor.html). newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 
I think the authors were hoping to get to a milestone version before announcing it.  That's probably why a lot of new-user-friendly stuff is missing. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar ~d	I don't think they have new-user-friendliness as a priority, unless you mean 'friendly to new users who are excited about configuring their window manager by writing Haskell code.' newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 
wow - you put Putin and Berlusconi in front of Bush ???	As bad as Bush is, Putin and Berlusconi are worse. Bush has caused more damage only because as President of the US, his power is far greater.
Oh contraire... YOU live right around the corner...	zing!
The funny part is that people who don't like sports *should* support the idea of a sports subreddit, so that the sports-related stories will have a place to go other than the front page. Wait, is this how subreddits work, or do all subredditted stories feed into the main page?	actually, by having a sports subreddit the sports articles are more likely to rerach the front page, not less.
Thirded. Though if I was smarted, I'd just check xkcd on mwf before reddit. If.	That was a punchline?
But if the camera is broken, he would think photography doesn't work at all. Maybe we should have a psychic certification process ;-)	Here's one, in two characters of Scheme: newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar \#f
Pat Buchanan: 'Were George III to return to life, he would roar with laughter at what a flock of sheep the descendants of the American rebels have become.'	At least there's something that Pat Buchanan, King George III and I can all agree on.
It's a wonder how these stupid cavemen don't get along with the other stupid cavemen. They seem to have the same hatred of freedom and women.	Put two self-righteous idiots in the same place and they'll get even more self-righteous on each other than on others.
I wouldn't call Cheney stupid - actually quite the opposite.  That's why he scares the crap out of me so much more than the others!	Cheney is what you call assassination insurance.
And what's so scary about a playground?	Why don't you go ask that creepy, homicidal, undead clown and find out?
Do male soldiers get any privacy when they're overseas?   newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar /likes to be fair. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar //didn't rta	Srsly, this is like the least important question about women in the military. Sexual assault isn't due to a lack of privacy.
It is terribly pompous.  It's just that other top colleges (and some not-so-top ones) are *equally* pompous.	Puhhhhllleeez.  Vocational schools would come off just as pompous.  You're projecting that onto them because they're a top school.
It's a matter of taste I guess.	Definitely. I enjoyed the Silmarillion after a few abortive attempts at reading it. You'll be disappointed if you're looking for LOTR, but if you take it for what it is (mythology), it is pretty interesting.
Did you miss Atkinson's free throw? '82% shooter, the biggest of his career' ...CLANK.	...but then he made up for it by scoring 4 points in the next 12 seconds. :)
What's the answer to the IA64 versus IA32 one (the one with malloc)?	Its got to be the alignment problem (as someone else mentioned).  If malloc's behavior is to return a 4 byte aligned pointer, assigning a 8 byte integer to its location will generate a bus error.  This might not happen all the time though (is it a 50/50 chance?)
I sometimes use [spivak pronouns](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spivak_pronoun) but it does make me feel self-conscious.	Wow, thats an abomination of language if I've ever seen one...
And even more poisonous than chicken mcnuggets.	Barely
1994 called. He wants his post back.	1989 called: they want their joke back.
By the way, CL have prototype based OO even without CLOS. newlinechar  newlinechar You can dynamically add slots (properties) to any object on the fly. newlinechar  newlinechar 	CL does not have prototype based OO.  Prototype OO is found in languages like Self, Javascript, and Io.  CLOS is highly dynamic in that it allows you to add slots whenever, but it is a more traditional OO in that it has inheritance rather than prototyping.
My grandfather enlisted around 1950, got shipped off to Korea, saw his best friends die in front of him, came home and drank himself to death.	Mine too. Small world.
All Glory To The Hypnotoad!	Yes, [All Glory To The Hypnotoad](http://r33b.net/)!!!
I think the answer the OP is looking for is that this particular bit of Unix was prematurely optimized - probably due to the speed of the hardware that it's running on.	Premature optimization is a pretty serious charge, suggesting that it wasn't necessary to design the filesystem that way even for the original hardware (among other things).
You must be from California.	happy to be guilty as charged :)
Looks like reddit's pages are served gzipped now. Great! newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks guys! It _is_ faster and saves quite a bit on traffic charges here. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar BTW, I wonder - how the load stats for the server have changed?	Saves on traffic charges..? What are there like 200 of you in one building that all browse reddit through a $1/Mb GPRS connection? ;)
Hence the problem with Schemes. Only fully-fledged Common Lisps will suffice.	If they had just implemented it as a macro, nobody would have known.
&gt; I could be wrong, but didn't northern california want to split from southern california somewhere in the last 15 years? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Go ask a geologist...	lol.  good answer.
In many countries, including Japan and South Korea, they do.	That's kind of scary.  Do we in the US report to foreign states on income by their citizens here?
The comments concerning Kathy were much more than offensive or hateful speech.  They were death threats. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Do you see the difference? newlinechar  newlinechar 	Did you even read my comment?  Like how about the part where it says 'but threats are a different matter'?  Or how about 'There is REASON to prosecute threats.'? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 
Or, it could just be [Jewish folklore](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Alphabet_of_Ben-Sira)?	Actually, the Jews borrowed most of their stuff from their neighbours.  No culture is purely isolationist, and all are influenced by those around them.
Unless that's his stage name.	no, that would be 'Sgt. Marcia Ramrod'
What are you talking about? None of those places have a significant percentage of creationists.	I took 'monopoly on this sort of idiocy.' to have a broader meaning than just creationism.   Da Pope's and hence Catholics views on birthcontrol is enough to earn idiocy label.
Yes, obtuse ones.	Who are you calling 'obtuse ones'?
Would you like to come back to my place for coffee.....?	I stopped my wife from drinking coffee after our third kid, it was a lot easier than getting snipped!
And given current conditions on Earth, I wouldn't be suprised if something just ate it. I don't think 'new life' would last very long, they missed out on too many tricks.	Maybe; but what if they found a hostile enough environment that they could make a niche in? Does anyone know how long the critters in sulfur vents on the ocean floor have been there?
I think it might be an advertisement -- don't fall for it! newlinechar  newlinechar 	*sigh*
No one calls it gangsta rap any more, because it's &gt;all&lt; become gangsta rap. Kevin Federline makes gangsta rap.	So...it's Kevin Federline who's holding blacks back!  THAT BASTARD!
No. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.snopes.com/disney/films/lemmings.htm newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 	Yes! newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.elizium.nu/scripts/lemmings/
Sounds like a great idea for a mashup.  Y-combo here I come!	Roundhousekickr
Sorry if I was.  I'm usually pretty frazzled at startup school, so I suspect I often offend people without meaning to.	It's cool.  I was just afraid you'd meet me and go 'Oh yeah, this is the jerk from earlier, forget him!'
i always though Moe was a Devo fan. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Are we not men?	We are Devo.
There's still a Top 40?	I might also add that 'DJ Krush, old-school Beatminerz, Prince Paul, and Easy Mo Bee' are all beat producers.... not rappers/mc's... beat producers being the guys behind the music... not the lyrics..... and Krush is from Japan... not even sure if he knows how to speak english anyway.
What, go around the world and imprison people that amount to nothing more than internet trolls? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Wow, that's pretty fucking scary. Guess we should release all the druggies and throw the internet trolls in prison then.	A death threat is criminal whether it's online, in print or in person. Learn the law. It's my personal preference that these criminals be imprisoned.
No shit. I remember seeing it here on reddit back in the 80s!	I wouldn't be surprised if you saw them in the 1980s (just not on reddit, of course :-), because that's when I first saw them.  I still have a copy of the file I saved them in; it's been transferred from computer to computer since then.
Wow.  I'm suddenly tempted to look up the format of a UNIX fortune file...	\tfortune #1 newlinechar  newlinechar \t% newlinechar  newlinechar \tfortune #2 newlinechar  newlinechar \t% newlinechar  newlinechar \tfortune #3 newlinechar  newlinechar \t(which spans multiple lines) newlinechar  newlinechar \t% newlinechar  newlinechar \t newlinechar  newlinechar 
 newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar etc newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 2	cat () newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 
I really like the look of Albert's apartment from [the photo](http://www.nytimes.com/imagepages/2007/03/29/garden/29breakersCA03ready.html). The sheets do sound pretty dubious though...	Yeah - great if you like four foot high rag dolls in a rocking chair.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar He should take up swimming - he has feet the size of flippers.
nah... no tunnel... according to google you have to swim accross the ocean. (see #33 in the list)	Well, duh. The tunnel contains the world's longest swimming pool. *Everyone* knows *that*.
&gt; This is a repeat. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar This is a repeat.	I repeat myself when under stress.  I repeat...
And magma-proof gumboots	It would be clean digging if it wasn't for that pesky mid-atlantic ridge that spews magma into the deep ocean.
Strictly, in C, the cast is not needed as it is implied. This is, of course, not true in C++. However, in C++, one shouldn't be using malloc anyways.	He's pretty careful to say 'In C' or 'In C++' when he's making a point specific to those languages, so it seems reasonable to assume that any question not qualified thusly applies to a common subset.
yeah, too many pirates, not safe to swim.	Chinese pirates?  They might copy our DVDs!
what!? whales are our friends!	Well, I mostly use it for the water breathing... but if I should be swimming vigorously forward, sword in hand, and should a whale happen to be (deliberately!) blocking my path, say, I could not be held responsible for what might occur, in a situation such as this...
&gt;counting how many times his toupe startd falling off his head. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar If it does Popoff, then there will be Hell toupee.... newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar (I'm so sorry)	-giggles-  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I feel shamed to say that I really did chuckle out loud.
But swimming to France would allow you to take better advantage of the Gulf stream, and would actually be quicker!! newlinechar  newlinechar 	Plus you'd have a chance of meeting hot bikini chicks if you swim to a beach on France.
What do we learn, men? Never let a woman decide to shape you. With the first loaf of bread and the first pound of salt, run hard in the opposite direction of someone who seeks to shape you to her (or his) needs.	Maybe Cassio is joking.
&gt;Either that or we think Wal-Mart sells crap and we've got standards. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar In which case the free market works fine, unless your 'we' is less inclusive than you think it is.	I keep forgetting that sarcasm doesn't translate. Will try better next post.
reddit1() newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar reddit	 newlinechar  newlinechar 
I came to the same conclusion. This question's answers are wrong.	Same here. Pissed the heck out of me :D
What fun!	wow, I finally was able to scroll to the end of this thread and actually felt a sense of accomplishment.  Like if you go here:  http://adventure.godice.com newlinechar  newlinechar and follow the look at the sky thread newlinechar  newlinechar 
Well, physics also has [probably the best single example](http://www.rawilson.com/quantum.html) of how E-NotPrime can muddle thought.	That article appeared very interesting to me while read under certain circumstances. Thanks!
or just use Ctrl-C, which does the same thing as Esc.	I use jj as ESC, it's really handy: newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  imap jj &lt;Esc&gt;
Perhaps they're planning to make a dirty bomb.	Aie, enough stink bombs to flush out half of lower Manhattan!
And under Texas law you can drive the dead body around by the bumper for up to 5 miles.	Or you can strap him to the hood and take him back to the lodge and mount him on the wall.
Hopefully they improve x64 part. AMD currently generally loses to Core2 in 32-bit but pretty competitive (if not better) in 64-bit mode.	I did a bunch of 64-bit science benchmarks a month or two ago and the top-end Athlon64 X2 narrowly edged out Core 2 Duo.  Narrowly. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar But that was like a whole two months ago. newlinechar  newlinechar 
I had no idea Uranus was so large.	Yes but its a well known fact that it's primarily full of gas particularly methane. However it has only be visited once in 1977 by Voyager 2 so we shall probe it more thoroughly.
well if reddit's proposed system on voting for ads works, then we'll fine tune the ads to shit we actually want.	dates with natile portman and packages of freeze dried grits?
Such as?	Exactly.  Do tell, its wrong to leave us hanging here.
Well, Gore has floated the idea of banning cars entirely... newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar /see his book 'Earth in the Balance'	Seams to me like it would solve quite some problems - and be done reasonably simple in most cities at least.
Whoever designed that has obviously been playing a bit of Monopoly. The arrows look like houses and upside-down hotels to me.	Hah. I couldn't figure out what seemed familiar about em. You're right. newlinechar  newlinechar 
Cheeseburger, cheeseburger, cheeseburger, cheeseburger, cheeseburger, cheeseburger. Phew.	No Coke, Pepsi.
I'd prefer a **Ron Paul for president 2008** T-shirt, especially if the proceeds went to his campaign. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks for the link though.	Good point.  Go Ron Paul.
I was always told when I was young, 'if you want to work in computers you have to be really good at math'.  It turns out, no.  You need to know math but don't have to be a calculus major. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Depends what you're doing - graphics programming is all math.
No, CSI!	They're both science fiction.
Wow, Ringworld reference. I heartily approve. Anyone who didn't get this, you should turn in your geek credentials :)	Ringworld?  Yah, wasn't that the guy who, like, totally ripped off Halo? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar *&lt;ducks and runs&gt;*
What's small, squishy and crawling up your leg? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar A homesick abortion.	What's the best thing about fucking twenty-one-year-olds? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar &lt;Gleefully:&gt; There's twenty of them! newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar (Ok, it works better as a spoken joke...)
Yes! I was waiting for someone to stumble upon that realization. It would probably take military-level technology to implement, though.	So... what?  Technology available to a normal kid in... what - four or five years?
The scheme code, yes, should be easy, but not the yacc bindings.	True, but, in a language so DSL-focused as scheme is, i can't imagine there not being an equivalent tool available natively.
1) MySpace isn't a social booking site newlinechar  newlinechar 2) MySpace has the most intrusive ads of the group.	Actually, a lot of the times MySpace ads aren't nearly half as offensive as the [actual pages](http://www.myspace.com/soybuddha).
and then the 'normal person' assumes God is behind it all, while the atheistic scientist blogs about his findings and points traffic there from reddit.	meanwhile the christian scientist has already published his findings way before the blog entry because the atheist was too busy making blog posts about how evil religion is
So, to summarize, this man was assaulted fourice?	I upvoted it immediately upon seeing thrice in the title.
Ok, if I understand it correctly.... it's a bit like the book is an imperfect mirror and they're able to perfect the reflection off of the book and get a clear picture of the card.	Yes, exactly. It goes beyond that, though. Having a a representation of the light transport in the scene allows one to insert objects and lights in the scene. They will accurately cast shadows, and relight parts of the scene, rather than using some non-physical hack.
I do but it's doubtful Brownstone does. He's a self-admitted psychopath.	He's also the type of people the Nazis *LOVED*.  A brownshirt and brownsh*t:  brownshir?t :-)
VLWMC? Now you're just making terms up...	You , of course mean,  NYJMTU.
may your imaginary god strike down your imaginary wish in your imaginary brain... and may you walk the world forever fearful of your own wishes	Aww he deleted his comment.  What did he say?
&gt; He was suspended for his clothing, not for his beliefs. newlinechar  newlinechar Full pirate regalia is an integral part of a Pastafarian's expression of his beliefs and is required by the FSM, be you touched by His Noodly Appendage	He was also doing his level best to counteract the scourge of global warming by increasing the pirate/non-pirate ratio.
Why are you here and not out there telling them how to do their jobs?	Poor hours.
I've read that before.  Is there something special about obsidian that makes it fracture like that, or do all glasses do it?	I believe it's all amorphous solids. Glass is simply the easiest to fracture correctly. Or, at least, the fracture behavior of sugar in the amorphous state is similar, and I extrapolate from there.
Who was on your lawn in January and what were they doing there? I always thought that was a summer phrase.	kids, playing in the snow, driving my dog apeshit.
There are two gallon jugs on the chest to counteract that.	Took me this far down in the comments to see someone else noticed the shark titties. Reddit's having an off day.
I think it's the style. The style is very Adventure Time-y.	Good Im glad Im not seeing things.
That must have really rustled your Jimmy. newlinechar  newlinechar I'll see myself out.	You may stay. Here is an upvote for encouragement. 
And this is precisely why I talked to my (now ex, for other reasons) gf and made sure we were in agreement that we weren't having unplanned kids, and that she'd get an abortion if needed.	That's just dumb. Why not just wear the damn thing and prevent any need for abortion in the first place?
Men are evil. newlinechar  newlinechar Therefore, we need to give men power to rule over us.	If men are completely evil, what worse punishment then the rule of evil men?
[*banning rule breakers isn't totally effective* **it's better to just do nothing.**](/privilege)	This is truly reddit mod logic. I can't count how many times I've heard mods say 'Well they can just make a new account, so it's pointless to ban them/remove their comments/do anything.' newlinechar  newlinechar **IT'S YOUR JOB TO MODERATE.**
Cheers pal. newlinechar  newlinechar It is quite immature of her I guess, but hey, I guess it's better than her not going for me cos of my looks or personality...any little victory eh? =P	And if you couldn't tell I'm male and the 28 year old was female. And yeah, but I'd still sit down with her and actually talk this over with her. It sounds like she is still in high school, but I doubt she is. 
You mean Illusion and EmpireVINES	I think Vines was a screw up but they could be talking about illusion the korean that is on oGs (or was).
[*k*](/dolan)	[*k*](/pulto)
So, is the speculation that he is Asian based on his nipple color correct? newlinechar  newlinechar 	Last I checked, he is definitely Asian.
I would be proud to be considered such by anyone on r/ainbow or r/lgbt, and especially by you.	[D'awwwww](http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m4u3l73Q3U1r24u9j.jpg)
Is this overdone yet? newlinechar  newlinechar http://imgur.com/uciQC	Reality Kings would be more appropriate.
I think she was just working up the courage to ask for one...which she eventually did. I gave her one. Then I got a 50-word breakdown about the quality of the fry.	Maybe she felt bad about asking for one and didn't see a way out..
gah! it's such a wicked piece and the bowl is packed like he's ready for an adventure with you. have a safe and happy time, dude.	Perfect morning wake-and-bake with some coffee, thanks for stopping by!
without proper aid, I think it's impossible for a truck to jump a fence...so applejack is a property destroyer ala GTA and Saints Row.... newlinechar  newlinechar  [](/e07) girl's crazy y'all	[](/ajhappy) [Bumping into gates and knocking over fences!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84PZbL_-jjU)
WHAT DO YOU MEAN 'YOU PEOPLE'?!	AbsintheHaze, TomMoofDavies, and King_Sex.
Gotta' admit that this band took my by surprise. One of the best albums I've heard in a long while.	It blindsides you with how well every member plays their respective instrument 
I can't tell if that's Zach Galifianakis in a wig or some burly man from the 70's.	It's Robert Redford...
Wait, Notch is a fan of MLP? When did this happen?	Couple months ago? newlinechar I'll look in his twitter. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT:  newlinechar  newlinechar This part was taken from an interview: [link](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=w-GKOrOmR40) newlinechar  newlinechar And this is a screencap of his twitter: [link](http://i.imgur.com/57Ter.png)
[](/spitwithit 'I think we all know that I am the best pilot.') I ain't even mad.	[](/lnotimpressed)  
usually [siq](http://www.depts.ttu.edu/communications/news/stories/images/angledBike2-big.jpg) wheels like that go on sweet lowrider bikes.	That's so awesomely excessive newlinechar 
From the exif data on your Flickr images. It also contains your address, phone number, when you leave the house in the morning, where you like to shop, etc.	Don't forget the area where it says what you had for breakfast that day.
guide her towards therapy or a doctor.. only way newlinechar 	To add to this, support her. Talk to her, before leading her to the doctor, it's possible she is simply having a rough time of things and just being able to talk to someone would help. 
Well... When I walk up there, and see 3 backs turned to me, it warms my heart.  Eventually they will realize that there should be more discreet spots.	Or one of 'em unscopes and jarates you. You then Proceed to kill him with your pistol, due to the short range of their kukri. They are unable to noscope you because they all use the machina, which again is why you were able to locate them so easily.
I've never seen a life jacket classified as a boat, so clearly no one gives a fuck about the rules around here.	I bet the losers cared about the rules.
But how does that qualify as an airplane? newlinechar 	It flew
[source needed]	I'll bite. Edited original post.
It's been great. It's my longest relationship and still going strong.	Well that's awesome! I'm guessing weed wasn't the only flower you were tasting last night!
back....to the future! 	http://i.imgur.com/JFYjV.jpg
http://imgur.com/ai1Ca	'As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination. When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular.' - Oscar Wilde
Define 'speed pills'. What brand exactly?	I don't know exactly. I know speed is an amphetamine, but there's really not much more information. My mom knows everything, but she's keeping me and my dad in the dark. 
yea, nick.com when they had all those games you could play.	Exactly. I remember logging onto the kids version of aol and having a choice of websites to click. That what I thought the Internet was. 
perhaps you do not know that the Russian army went into Afghanistan because the USA tried to overthrow the elected communist leader of the country... and there is more to it before than as well	The Soviets were invited by the Afghan Government. Just like the Americans were invited by the South Vietnam Government.
Why are the Hog's not account wide?  WHY!	As an avid mount collector I am equally as shocked.
putting trust in actual men and women doing actual life-saving work instead of 'thanking god' newlinechar  newlinechar a play on 'in god we trust' newlinechar  newlinechar you see?	It was over his head. 
Ya, anything vector is usable typically.  Not sure his plan for it but we're architecture graduates and typically use [Rhino](http://rhino3d.com) for much of our work.  It imports like... everything vector.	UNL Architecture? 
If so, it is a trade! =D I cannot wait to finish this deck.	sweet. i'll see if i can get one. if not, is their another card you need?
Swallow hard, because if they catch you trying to swallow it you also get a destruction of evidence charge.	Having a drink to wash it down helps... But usually they won't be able to see you eating a blunt/joint from afar. 
Risk is quite fun if you play on a computer. There was an old Mac version (OS 9 or earlier, entirely Black and White) that was extremely lightweight and just did the bookkeeping for you. It took about 30 minutes a game. It was great.	Check out http://warlight.net/ newlinechar  newlinechar I quite like it, though I loath the fog of war (you can turn it off/change settings).  It's quite customizable and can be played in several ways (and you can make your own maps too).
Thanks for the advice. He's always been there with love and support but we've never saw the world through the same point of view. I suppose it's generation thing.  He sees it one way and I all I see is racism.	That's why I included the thing about my mom and her parents. They will do nothing wrong to anyone, but they are racist in their own homes.
[*k*](/spoderman)	[*fucking kkk*](//#magnets)
not necessarily, in doctor who for example they cant go back in their own timeline, so he couldnt go back and stop a problem once he was in the middle of fixing it at a later time	Hey buddy, we're talking about REAL time travel here, duh
California	yup same here newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.downforeveryoneorjustme.com/facebook.com
What kind of load?	those keys man, they get heavy.
Does this stop them from being looted, or just hides them better?	This would only actually work in an adventure map; you can't right click on the dispenser in the picture on the left because the webs are in the way, but arrows will still fire normally. If this wasn't an adventure map you'd just break the cobwebs. If that makes sense.
Also, though unrelated, do messages come up as the same as comment replies, or is that in a separate part of the page?	figured it out! XD
Maybe she felt bad about asking for one and didn't see a way out..	Oh no, she's just one of those that LOVES chatting, and everyone is always trying to avoid her because of it. She also sends most of us about 3 emails a week with pictures of her new granddaughter. 
Star wars.  After I saw Jar Jar,	DAE HATE THE STAR WARS PREQUELS? newlinechar  newlinechar I KNOW NEIL DEGRASSE TYSON DOES
Yeah. It's a self portrait.	You should do an AMA.
so wait... how did the guys know it would be a female delivery driver? newlinechar 	Perhaps she works for Derpino's and ordered online and say 'littlemonster1223 has left with your order'.
His account is 532 days old. He got you big time.	good detective work, Johnson
Hey, me too!	Hey, me three!
Yes sir/mam.	I was a poli sci major, but I did piss in the Hinsdales once.
The complete disregard for being politicaly correct just made my day. Thanks man, I mean it.	No problem brillo pad.
That sounds really cute!	Maybe for the first few times, but then it just gets weird. Who is he clapping for???
By far my favorite actor.	He's just so good in everything he's in.
I am 12 and this makes perfect sense. 	No, it makes perfect sense BECAUSE you are 12.
Don't worry.  We're going to be having this talk again in a month or two when the Summer Sales arrive.	[](/a13) I am legitimately afraid of the looming summer sale. newlinechar  newlinechar Every year, without fail, they come. They always come. newlinechar  newlinechar Such a terrible trail of destruction they leave in their wake.
Shit, I made it too tiny now it disappeared.	Fuck, I did the same thing before reading down this far in the comments.
That's pretty sweet! Can you remember those cheat-guru/master pages? Where people send in a letter with the title of a game, and they choose a few games and tell you a cheat for that game? Well once I sent in a letter, and my request got chosen! Good times.	Yeah, I used to love the mag but then the internet replaced it. Up to date gaming news whenever I want instead of monthly.
[You asked for it...](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/q5ikr/reddit_what_is_the_weirdestmost_fucked_up_thing/c3uynfu)	That was not bad, it was pretty funny though.  
Hi, everyone! So glad to be here and chat with you all, this is very exciting!  Now all I have to do is figure out how this system works.... :-) newlinechar 	HA! Just hit reply and start typing!
http://i.imgur.com/JFYjV.jpg	this is heavy
Exactly. I remember logging onto the kids version of aol and having a choice of websites to click. That what I thought the Internet was. 	At the time, the release of spongebob had happened and that friggin jelly fishing game was there. My mother despised the phrase 'Oh Jelly,' due to the amount of time I played it.
The thing is, and correct me if I'm wrong, ultimo dragon wanted a short run. When he came in all he wanted was a match at Madison Square Garden and something else and then leave. 	And Wrestlemania, probably.  newlinechar  newlinechar I see your point, but I think the crux of my argument was probably that we never saw his full potential in the WWE, no matter how long his run was, and that's a real shame.
No, just a similar name. Didn't mean to accuse you or anything.	It's cool, I just get a little cautious if someone seems to think they 'know' another poster. There is some guy in subredditdrama who is convinced everyone he talks to is the same person
Am I the only person who's never heard of this? newlinechar  newlinechar And thanks for the awesome reply.  Apparently the closest pho-only restaurant is ~30 minutes away.  Will have to try that next time I'm up there.	I'd never heard of it until I moved to Seattle, where my brother introduced me to the wonder that is pho.  I then proceeded to spend an entire rainy winter eating it for lunch every day :)
Zuko would have had his scar.	...Fair point, I dont know how i forgot about that 
Actually, yes.	That must be a little awkward at work or in restaurants or whatever.
I noticed I was 'over-rotatating' (sorry, i'm a snowboarder, i probably use weird terminology) on my coleman slides.  Is that because the pavement was wet?  Or is there another reason not to slide in the rain?	i think its mostly because the wheels drift so easily on rain that when you try on dry pavement its waaay harder to make the wheels slide
Pity fuck from your own self...ouch...	Oh yeah, I'd be pretty rough with myself, and I'd say stuff like 'you know what you did to deserve this' and 'oh yeah, keep crying, that's totally doing it for me'. 
Not that I can think of but thanks for the offer, man. PM me your address and colour preference and I'll post a couple your way.	I'll gift you some Reddit Gold or something, include your address in the package anyway and I'll get something to you. newlinechar  newlinechar PM coming your way. My nipples are actually hard with excitement.
If men are completely evil, what worse punishment then the rule of evil men?	[Society in every state is a blessing, but government, even in its best state, is but a necessary evil; in its worst state, an intolerable one.](http://mises.org/daily/2897)
Does the season pass unlock all existing and future DLC or will it only unlock certain DLC? newlinechar  newlinechar I.E. Will it unlock the new mission stuff like Gangstas in Space, Clones, and Genkibowl? or will it just unlock the outfit packs?	No, season pass just gives you a few specific DLC (3 mission packs and a vehicle/outfit pack if I remember right). newlinechar  newlinechar edit: re your edit newlinechar It specifically unlocks Gangstas in Space, Clones, Genkibowl and the Nightblade outfit/vehicle pack thing. Nothing else.
I think a lot of the popular novelty accounts are him, too, like POTATO_IN_MY_ANUS and possibly Worst_Answer_Possible, and he's in on some collaboration accounts like Trapped_In_Reddit. 	How fucked do you have to be to invest that much time on here
How do you do this?	With [this](http://i.imgur.com/ClyzJ.png)
You need to download the latest Minecraft snapshot. newlinechar Simply replace your current minecraft.jar with the downloaded file. newlinechar It's up for download on Mojang's website: http://www.mojang.com/ newlinechar 	back everything up first.
Great insider information. Thanks! newlinechar  newlinechar Is A Smith &amp; Co. the production company?	Yes, their logo is the last thing you see every episode. It's actually a guy, Arthur Smith, and he's involved in most things Ramsay on TV.
is gator h8er a possible RHCP 'Purple Stain' reference?	I'm assuming that the Magikarp just wanted to 'get it on' with Gator h8er
I like em!	Thank you sir.
I'm sure they don't have to record their lines at the exact same time...	I thought of this as well. As far as we know, though, Meer's the only one that's been voice acting recently, and until we have more information we cannot make conclusive.. erm, conclusions.
I think Vines was a screw up but they could be talking about illusion the korean that is on oGs (or was).	exactly, there is no more ogs, therefore, just illusion, no team tag.
I'd imagine they'd do something like [this](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xlkkw_nin-happiness-in-slavery_music) to save space.  newlinechar  newlinechar WARNING: NSFW and graphic if you haven't seen it before.	Yeah uhmmm wtf was that?
Laid off via email?  Dick move on your boss' part.  Sorry.  School's not a bad option, though.  	Yeah dick move indeed. School is looking promising. I can pay up front for the tuition and supplies so I just have to figure out when I want to start. 
But, sadly, they are people too.	This is sadly true.
This is exactly what I'm looking for!	Well when I get back to my place later I'll take a picture and message you to make sure it's what you'd like.
the whole thing honestly made me want to do an experiment and ask the person(s) who dug up all your info how much they could find out about *me* just from what i've posted here on reddit. but i could be asking for trouble...	Yeahhh. I wouldn't. Haha
[](/a25) You just had to put My Little Dashie in the title.	[](/raritysad) I'm know that feel
It's back. newlinechar  newlinechar I guess they rebooted the Centris 650AV that is running the database.	lol i know right?
Yeah, right in front of that gorgeous mirror. 	Looking right into your reflection's eyes...
Thank you, sir! I just watched that for 7 minutes straight and going back for a bit more. Someone was looking right at the camera and doing a cute pengu waddle!	Yeah, they are a bit socially awkward :P
What, you mean their effective handling of genocides doesn't instill confidence in them?	yes and how the security council is meant to stop wars from happening and how its used to start wars.
Sketchy fellows are the best fellows.	Agreed. After he sold them to me he was like 'that's a steal right there man!' And I thought to myself, 'yeah, literally. You had to have stole this shit.'
Oh no, she's just one of those that LOVES chatting, and everyone is always trying to avoid her because of it. She also sends most of us about 3 emails a week with pictures of her new granddaughter. 	Ah one of those people I have no idea how to avoid them.
I hate the taste of liquor. I like the post sip feeling of liquor, that warm sensation you get in your core from a strong shot. Anything you recommend that should make me feel warm without dealing with too much of the liquor taste?	Oh God yes. Get some **Benedictine.** Its sweet, herbal, and warms you from the inside out. Amazing stuff. Put it in a brandy snifter and sip slowly.
What are you talking about? That's exactly what the anti-bodies do. They attack anyone without a bracelet or a red one. It's their function- they're the security.	Did you get amnesia in the last half hour? newlinechar  newlinechar Because I was saying that system was unbelievable and proposed a better way to do it, that was what this entire discussion was about lol. 
Yeah, I thought it was my internet until I noticed that reddit was loading fine. It's over if reddit loads before facebook. lol newlinechar  newlinechar edit: it appears to be working again.	I bet people are freaking out.  Facebook is down, zombies in Florida, end of the world type stuff.  lol newlinechar 
What movie is this from? Is it the one with the evil demon board game?	Yeah, [Jumanji.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jumanji)
Their keepers and defenders have more ball skills than the combined England Euros team. 	Hahahaha so true. Couldn't have said it better
I couldn't care less about my Dad's records, but I definitely wouldn't call them on impulse. 	Well, I would call only if that were my absolute final option.
Wanna get a beer, Im bored. newlinechar 	I'd be down but I'm on my home now from a happy hour on the north shore already
That's why I included the thing about my mom and her parents. They will do nothing wrong to anyone, but they are racist in their own homes.	Your family sounds a lot like mine.  My grandparents are pretty religious.  I handed my grandmother the Bible and asked her what she could find.  Nothing like underhandedly calling your grandmother a hypocrite.
woah that is awesome! can you maybe do a few more?	Thanks, it's really not too difficult, just sort of time-consuming. [Here's the heart symbol.](http://i.imgur.com/Fb15F.jpg) newlinechar  newlinechar Plus: [Blood](http://i.imgur.com/emu5Y.jpg?1) and [Dirk/Bro's glasses](http://i.imgur.com/y0jgn.jpg) (Sorry about the pictures, by the way, my phone's shit and I don't have a real camera.)
Mind blown? I suppose you are not familiar with the concept of frilly toothpicks. newlinechar  newlinechar you're out of the fuckin club!	Oh yeah? Well I prefer my sandwiches uncut because a real man can use his hands and not require a dainty little toothpick.
What, no love for Beta Ray Bill?	Beta was worthy to hold it, though. IIRC, Red Hulk wasn't. He just used sheer strength to lift it. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: But then again.. maybe zero-g helped matters.
From his/her wife, and how desperate and loving she seems, and how she's always asking why he/she hasn't replied or why he's/she's replies are so short..  newlinechar  newlinechar It just sort of broke me.	The same wife Laurelai pimped out. Remember that part.
Having infinite domain names? I'll take it. anything from search.google or reddit.youtube to alksjdlfkajslkdjflkajslkdfjlaksjdlkfjalksjfdikjslkdfjklsjdlkfjaslkdjflkahsoeiurowieroiahslkfhalsdkjf.docs	Don't get me wrong, I understand there needs to be some kind of regulation. Charging 185,000 for a single new *application* seems a bit excessive to me.
Champion.  One of the best cards in the best color.	Is Champion that much better than Familiar? It seems like it takes more work to set up and is only amazing in maybe R/G with thatcher revolt, while Familiar is amazing in every green deck and is good on both defense and offense, late game and early game.
Nope. My couch cost more than every piece of furniture in my living room, bedroom, and kitchen combined. Guess what I didn't get from IKEA	I. LOVE. FLATPACKS.
That was pretty awesome. Thanks for the link.	I like how the singer's poor singing ability adds to the charm of this band.
The controls. Unless it's something simple like swiping across the screen or touching something developers use ridiculous buttons and a terrible fake joystick that means your hands are in the way of the action all the time.	Yep. No physical buttons means this whole 'mobile gaming' thing will never truly challenge major consoles / PC without some new ideas. newlinechar  newlinechar 
I'm running late, I'm sorry. A friend wanted to come with, and she's taking forever to meet up with me to ride there. I'll be there soon enough, though :)	3 here so far I think?  Haven't seen any other obvious redditors. 
[Skyrim collectors edition](http://www.amazon.com/Elder-Scrolls-Skyrim-Collectors-Edition-Pc/dp/tags-on-product/B0050SZ7LO)	Thanks, but I cant quite figure out what it exactly contains. Please enlighten me. Whats in the box?
I had it for a while before i got my laptop, when i tired to login on my laptop i didn't know my UN was misspelt. silliness 	yeah i want a new user name but i've had this too long also.  
I am sure it was a slur against fatties and a cry of indignation about how being skinny really DOES help you live longer blah blah...	ah. lame.
Yeah uhmmm wtf was that?	Classic NIN video.
Was this the one with Michael Crabtree? Ah, that game still wounds me to this day (UT alumni here)...	the collective gasp of campus still haunts me newlinechar 
Mind if I piggyback this comment? andrewsmith1986, you are utterly and completely pathetic. I hope you know how many people hate you.	Piggybacking you putting significant back-stress on StrawmanSniffingDog. newlinechar  newlinechar Andrewsmith1986 you are a terrible neo-nazi with no concept of empathy or common sense. I cannot understand why you think the things you do are acceptable.
Yeah, there is seating at the one in Queen Anne. newlinechar  newlinechar I wish there was a Dick's by the VA hospital when I was there last month.  Hospital food sucks.  Except at Virginia Mason.	The Swedish on Capitol Hill was pretty decent food-wise from what I can remember (my kids were born there) but the Swedish in Montlake/Edmonds was pretty sad (tho they have good vending machines). Their wifi was truly awful tho: incredibly slow. 
What the hell happened to music?  How did we end up with Lady GAGA, zombie Madonna, random young men with tourettes and the incest children of country and pop being the go-to for entertainment? 	[The early 90s were truly an amazing time for popular music.](http://www.bobborst.com/popculture/top-100-songs-of-the-year/?year=1992)
[](/raritysad 'You're there, not here.')	[](/b04 'I keep forgetting the internet is what connects us.')[](/shyhug 'But that doesn't mean we don't care.') 
How fucked do you have to be to invest that much time on here	Fucked up enough not to report someone doxxing a teenage girl to Reddit admins. 
Is that from Darkplace?	Yup.
Enough? The only one we does have is le Coq. Song is not a DM, neither is Frimmy or Arteta.	Frimpong and Song sure play as DMs. I'm confused on when they don't.
Oh yeah, I'd be pretty rough with myself, and I'd say stuff like 'you know what you did to deserve this' and 'oh yeah, keep crying, that's totally doing it for me'. 	So really it's pity rape?  
To some birds, urine glows. 	If I piss in their eyes, will they have nightvision?!?!
That's a big black head dude.	I can't think of anything witty to say, except that I'm asian and I should have filled it in yellow.
Ohh honey. Smelling like a sexy man isn't really a bad thing. I have a friend that wears men's cologne, mind you its just really white pepper scent with a touch of cedar. *wink wink*	Why thanks, I decided to just embrace it for the day. I'll let my wrists heal before I start using any more scents. 
That or MCBlock.it. I hear MCBans has gone to pot recently, but I guess that's none of my business &gt;.&gt;	Recently? It has been my long-standing opinion that MCBans more or less started as shit and only gotten worse over time.
I'm outside not cool man	Explain?
don't you mean 3.8 million shirts?	Don't Reddit after alcohol, kids. 
Day games are the best. Well I guess for you they are morning games.	Yeah, I usually sleep through them, actually, which sucks. haha
This is probably covered under normal wear and tear, which you should not be responsible for. Also, like GustavoFrings said, they will most likely paint over the walls regardless. newlinechar  newlinechar Either way, check the renters' rights laws/rules in your city.	Thank you, I'll do that :)
Not the first time I've heard that!	Keep on trucking bro. You're doing it right ;D
OK. It finally started after about 5 minutes. Joined a game. 1 minute later the game froze and had to be restarted. Now its taking another eternity to load. This is hardly a fix. 	Yea the loading is taking forever, and I also froze in the only 2 online games I tried. I was 2 points from winning the second one -.- newlinechar 
I was in the pool!	Shrinkage is real, haven't any of you ever heard of shrinkage?!
Funny story, Two hydrogen atoms walk into a bar.  newlinechar One says, 'I've lost my electron.' newlinechar The other says, 'Are you sure?'  newlinechar The first replies, 'Yes, I'm positive...'	Here is your [prize](http://instantostrich.com/)
It would be such a mindfuck if it turned out The Grey really was a prequel to Batman Begins for Ra's Al Ghul. 	And if Taken was a prequel to The Grey.
To me, the whole thing was always more focused on talent rather than learning. If you had it, great, if you don't, then your bad. Maybe it was just my school.	how often did you practice?
Exactly! 	This kind of reminds me of Catharism....
I see what you did there.... newlinechar 	its just that I have gotten my hopes up before and then they fell.. newlinechar 
That must be a little awkward at work or in restaurants or whatever.	That's what those big sinks in the wall or for.
At first I was like, 'A GBA style version of Pokemon Colosseum!!!!' and then I was sad...	But that's why I'm loving this team. I started with Espeon and figured it was close enough until I ran into Umbreon on 103 and flipped.
i think its mostly because the wheels drift so easily on rain that when you try on dry pavement its waaay harder to make the wheels slide	Makes sense.
We can't be sure this was another 'zombie' attack. It could have been done without any drugs involved.	NOPE, its a zombie. There is no other explanation.
There are numbers in the corners. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: I don't understand people. :P Did I inadvertently make a joke/Community reference?	This could also be used as a metaphor for inner city culture.
Well the way I look at it you got two choices.  Either you can fix your power window, or you can buy a Zippo.	I had no idea Zippos were wind resistant, so I had this giant plot about inventing a little tiny windshield that you could clip on to all your lighters. Now I'm sad. I was going to be rich. Now I can't afford to fix my power windows.
Hmm... I'm guessing you're a University of Maryland student. 	Nope. That's just what I assumed when I read the title, and I figured other people might too
Ive heard of Costco and thought it was a lower quality place but after seeing half the comments praise it, I might have to stop by.  newlinechar  newlinechar Do they require you to be a member like Sams club?	Yeah, but at $50 a year, it's totally worth it. I just got a membership last month and I don't regret it one bit.
He's replied to one of mine as well, so has John Green (DFTBA!) :D	Yeah, I wish there were more celebrities that reddited frequently and had identifiable usernames, just for the fun of it.
That's funny because when I get my runner's high I usually vomit all over myself while I shit my pants.	Wait, weed doesn't do that to you?
The problem is, if you had bad experiences with 4 out of 5 bachelor/bachelorette groups - you're going to side-eye even the ones that are not bad.	But that is no way makes it right. Using that justification could allow for a lot of unnecessary bullshit.
Thank you sir.	What team do you play for in UGC, I am positive I have heard your name and seen you play.
I reserve a special annoyance for a special type of littering: throwing cigarette butts out of your car window. Seriously, it's cool that you smoke and all but don't fucking make my city ugly.	Annihilating the lungs is not cool. But I shall upvote anyways!
That's a really interesting perspective. I'm looking forward to seeing how you implement it in practice, so I hope you keep us here in /r/gamedev well-informed. Good luck!	I certainly will and thanks!
you have 13 minutes from this comment, you'd better be reliable.	but boss...
It flew	Fair enough.
I don't think this is a particularly controversial opinion outside of /r/atheism.	I think the front page would say other wise.
I understand your point, I think rocket should introduce a system where if a live player has a radio or GPS with a specific frequency on them then spawning players should be able to spawn on them if they have that frequency. But if a bandit somehow gets the frequency...	No, fuck realism, they just need to let friends spawn together. Maybe give new spawn-ins a code that another player can type in to spawn on them. No restrictions involving radios / gps or whatever. 
Banker?	Rigger/Flyman
Agreed. After he sold them to me he was like 'that's a steal right there man!' And I thought to myself, 'yeah, literally. You had to have stole this shit.'	Did he whip open is long cream-colored raincoat when he first showed them to you?
I have reason to suspect he doesn't [Book Spoiler](/b 'bleed to death where Arya leaves him. I think Sandor is the big gravedigger that Brienne, Ser Hyle, and Podrick encounter on the monk's island')	[Book Spoiler](/b 'Interesting theory, just went back and read that part and it could make sense, they also encounter the Hounds moody horse there don't they')
I can't understand how her saliva can be oh so sexy mid blowjob, but mid fuck oh God keep it away it has cooties.	Loogie, not spit. That means nasal mucus. That means gross.
Don't worry, I'm not finding it supper offensive and banning you for eternity, I'm just giving my two cents. newlinechar  newlinechar And the different is that 'dick', unlike 'bitch', is not used to shame men who don't conform to the expectations of gender roles.	I hate when things are supper offensive. That's even worse than lunch offensive. :(
Indeed. I've got this whole essay on blood transfusions sitting on my hard disk, but it's not quite the right time to post yet - it'll just get drowned by SPARLOCK THE HARDCORE BATTLEMAGE EMOWIZARD. Not that I'm complaining, mind you. This meme is hilarious.	I agree, pretty funny meme, but it's drowning out all the other topics. Like people looking for advice and such.
[](/scootaloo 'Well I've never heard that one before.')	Do I detect a hint of sarcasm? [](/trixiesmug)	
AnOutlawStar, stop being such a weiner.	Here comes lophyte to seize my fun!
Would these aforementioned ladies be in posession of a small vessel?	A form of liquid receptacle? I believe so, yes.
Thanks, but I cant quite figure out what it exactly contains. Please enlighten me. Whats in the box?	[Here you go](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEsEQyTDCIc)
Wrong, I just downvoted, making our votes cross each other out. Both our votes are now worthless.	DAMMIT. THERE IS A LOGICAL FLAW IN MY PLAN THAT CAN ONLY BE FOUND BY PEOPLE WILLING TO DOWNVOTE TO DISPROVE PERFECTLY FINE THEORIES. newlinechar  newlinechar CURSES.
What team do you play for in UGC, I am positive I have heard your name and seen you play.	It's all about the Gibus funnily enough :3
Great job! Keep up the great work and progress. Fitness is a lifestyle not a short 3 month adventure.	Oh I know...I've always been a rather fit person but I fell into a funk after I messed up my leg and manage more than a hobble for months
This made me bray like a donkey with laughter.	You prince.
Again, thats harder then you think. People would expect me to deal with it like a real death then.	Death hits people different ways, you don't have to go round sulking or crying your heart out. People will leave you alone if you ask.
I just did!	I'll vote in about a week. The only shoe ins are Hamilton and Ortiz.
Explain?	There was no Xbox... Unless someone already grabbed it
Because he needed a reminder about what makes a successful video game.	!
i hit my first mini-goal of being able to use my bathroom scale to weigh in  newlinechar 	I had the same issue at first, I was a sad panda.
I'll look it up thanks.	Added note: if you get your hands on a gamecube, i'd recommend the gamecube version. 
Eh, I'm not here to discuss the quality of the humour, I'm just here to say it's pretty blatantly not a genuine call to go and murder white cis men.	What I mean is that the reason for creating such parodies is to imply something about what someone else really thinks. There may be transphobia on Reddit but I haven't seen it take the form of advocating murder.
this is heavy	There's that word again, heavy....
I mod there haha, you can see 90 percent of the posts are by me. I will post it soon tho. 	Hah!  I need to pay more attention.  Good job with that sub, a hidden gem. newlinechar 
If you're anywhere near Northeast-Ohio call our pizza shop, and I'll make one for you. This shit is amazing.	Haha, I wish. I'm in SoCal.
We're going to start having Synthetic Soda and people eating other's faces off.	You mean Diet?
You die alone?	EVERYONE dies alone.
What are your interests? What are you curious about? Coming alone? Budget? Tourist or student?  newlinechar  newlinechar PSA: There are also tons of similar threads if you can get the reddit search bar to function properly. 	I would be traveling as a tourist, Just curious about Sweden in general. I love seeing beautiful relaxing locations rather than bigger cities. I shall search for the other threads but any help would be nice. Thanks
That... thing is never going to die, is it?	Will eventually, but not for a while. More we talk about it the worse it will get.... newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  wait, why did I post this...
&gt;if its the paint system I'm thinking of they're called semunitions newlinechar  newlinechar Simunitions. Law Enforcement uses them for SWAT practice. They are expensive as ass too.	MOUT exercises usually use cheap training grenades like [this](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M67_grenade#M69_grenade). They don't do anything except make a really loud noise. They also weigh as much as a real grenade, so getting hit in the face with one is like someone throwing a billiard ball at you.
The same wife Laurelai pimped out. Remember that part.	...well I'm going to rock back and forth in a corner weeping for humanity. 
&gt; Also, how much money did the WTBS spend on this video? Must be using some of their new real estate money! newlinechar  newlinechar They don't get paid a lot in Bethel. They probably took some brothers with animation experience off cooking duty and put them behind a desk.	I'd say that's exactly what they did. Isn't that how most stuff in Bethel is run? newlinechar 
Me. Sorry about that, I just really hated Labour. :(	See what happens when you give in to hate?  It leads to suffering...
It's always that punk Wade.  I despise Lebrick quite a bit, but that Wade is just a complete asshole	Wade is a dirty player.
Or is it???	dun dun DUNNNNNN
&gt;Just take her to the library!!!! newlinechar  newlinechar Seconded. I loved going the library and to bookstores when I was younger and just explore. Libraries often also have audiobooks which are excellent for getting newbie readers into books. 	Yea...Exploring is lot o' fun
I swear it's Springfield's only choice!	Throw up your hands and raise your voice!
lol kenyon martin already tore that up	Are you saying Trina is a woman of loose morals?! 
But that's why I'm loving this team. I started with Espeon and figured it was close enough until I ran into Umbreon on 103 and flipped.	Funfact: at the beginning of Colosseum Umbreon is at a higher level than Espeon
It does, it's /r/lounge, and it's mostly full of memes of the rich rage face guy being all rich and snobby and others pretending to be all rich and snobby.  	don't forget /r/secretcabal...
He probably showed up with his posse, and expected some special treatment.  And they then told him to fuck off, we're trying to dig ourselves out of this 2-0 hole.  GO SPURS.	Yup. I have no stakes in this game, but I can't help but feel good that OKC's staff denied him entry. There was probably a good reason for it.
I'm eagerly awaiting those results sir. Good luck!	Could be awhile, this is reddit after all.
Commission by the lovely [Matcharoll](http://matcharoll.deviantart.com/) newlinechar  newlinechar [Here's another of me as a pony by Matcharoll](http://i.imgur.com/qTcFF.png)	DOES HE TAKE REQUEST!? CAN HE DO ME!!? IM JEALOUS OF YOU SEVERELY AND THATS JUST A PIC!! ALLCAPS!
I used to spend a couple of weekends a summer at my great-grandparents house on Shawano Lake, in Cecil. And my grandma now has a house on Legend Lake in Keshena. So Shawano has basically been my vacation getaway for years...	small world, I used to live in Keshena when I was younger, and had a lake lot on Legend Lake, but then my family moved to Shawano. No complaints newlinechar 
I've heard Rick Derringer owns the rights and not WWE.	[You are correct sir.](http://cocatalog.loc.gov/cgi-bin/Pwebrecon.cgi?v1=8&amp;ti=1,8&amp;Search_Arg=real%20american&amp;Search_Code=TALL&amp;CNT=25&amp;PID=j-3UyXZ2csAKHgdGJsjJa5REQ4d&amp;SEQ=20120531202106&amp;SID=1)
So you can't use it without Facebook?	When I selected create account it said that I had to log into Facebook in order to create and acount.
Boobs and cats, but don't try cats with boobs that flops for some reason.	No cats with boobs?  [How about boobs with kitties?](http://imgur.com/r/funny/byukf) newlinechar  newlinechar I guess [NSFW - Kitties and Titties - must be the center of the internet then?](http://kittiesntitties.tumblr.com/)
sweet. i'll see if i can get one. if not, is their another card you need?	Just anything you see in the deck up there. You should try out this Creature Swap - Neo Spacian Grand Mole combo I figured out, it effectively gives you two cards back and your opponent's monster card.
You can see the Regal Cafe sign.	Regal Donuts
I know!  It was awkward enough that she forgot that her and I were married to begin with haha newlinechar  newlinechar What really interested me was that old guy who was playing the backup guitar and trumpet.. he just didnt seem like he belonged up there.	I rather liked him. You weren't that guy who proposed were you?  newlinechar 
It may be a bit cheap, but what I'd do is get my anti-material rifle, find a spot where they couldn't reach me, then sniped them.	Not cheap at all! It's so satisfying to watch them explode into bits through the scope with Bloody Mess. 
Okay.jpg	I don't mean to seem like a jerk, it's just one of my pet peeves and so I must correct it every time I see it.
Oh come on learn to FACE your fears, and never lose FACE during times of distress	Not funny man... Poor guy is facing certain death.
I think its more that 'Mr. Snakers' would be an *adorable* name for a pet snake	Actually... That's where I got the name, my pet snake! Hooray, he was adorable.
Eyelander decapitations (normal ones) give you 15hp, if anyone was wondering.	Hitting enemies covered in milk by one of your scouts will also heal you.
Now that you mention it yeah. Makes it even more useless. I'd say it's only real use is to provide metal for the 6 engines building the giant nest in the intel room while they set up. 	it's a good place for a defensive heavy to stand, cant be backstabbed and can get health and ammo easy newlinechar 
NASA is forbidden by law to spend money on self promotion. 	Is this actually true? I'm pretty sure every time NASA puts up a launch video or one of their simulation videos, they are self promoting. 
[](/b04 'I keep forgetting the internet is what connects us.')[](/shyhug 'But that doesn't mean we don't care.') 	[](/raritydaww 'I know you do. And I care about you too.')[](/rarityannoyed 'But it feels like an escape. Can't be apart of my life.')[](/raritywut 'What is a hug on the internet? There is no touch, no presence.')[](/shyhug 'Only ... imagination. Which is strong, but painful ...')
Yeah it's a good bit smaller than WWE. (18x18 as far as google tells me. Think WWE is 20x20)	Oh alright cool. Thanks.
Like, if she's making coffee in the break room, you avoid going in there until she is out. You learn her routes, maintain a general idea of what her schedule is, and where she is at all times. haha It's not hard to tell, because she is often laughing loudly.	Haha I imagine everyone goes into full ninja mode when she is around.
Love the 'Ships are ammo. Fly like a machine gun'	I think Im going to make that my mantra. newlinechar  newlinechar Just whisper to myself 'I am a machine gun' before jumping into any craziness.
Posting naked pics of her on Reddit is a good start...	You might be onto something. newlinechar  newlinechar OP, what kind of nipples does she have? Amazonian, the little pink ones, or standard issue?
is that the guy from Breaking Bad?	reasonably
Software engineer doesn't sound too shabby either.	Software scientist is probably pushing it a little too far. 
Wasn't r/blackfathers a private sub?  newlinechar  newlinechar Or was there nothing there because 'lol black dudes don't raise their kids lololol'	Yes. newlinechar 
**I** newlinechar  newlinechar **FUCKEN** newlinechar  newlinechar **GIVE** newlinechar  newlinechar **UP!**	that's what shankly would've wanted for liverpool.
Society? 	How does society provide for colleges? With what money? 
Clop-clop on they ass	Dat clop-clop. 
they are gonna have to be amputated.	I had a cousin do the same thing, and they had to amputate everything.
No, that's crazy high for the general population, too. For reference, San Francisco (far and away the gayest American city, and our cities are much gayer than everywhere else) is about 15% gay.	TIL. Thank you.
Just anything you see in the deck up there. You should try out this Creature Swap - Neo Spacian Grand Mole combo I figured out, it effectively gives you two cards back and your opponent's monster card.	i just looked back *facepalm* i also have a shining angel.
No, I've worked in a lab.  Clearly I've never actually seen Jersey Shore.  :)	Man, your lab must be amazing then. Either that or you didn't spend that much time there. It was such a bummer to find out scientists are people too. They can be petty, malicious, have ridiculous quarrels, and the gossip. So much gossip.
The polish is there, it's just the kind of things you don't notice. Our brains are wired to maintain focus on things that annoy us, so when something is smooth and good you don't appreciate them until you lose them.	Well put.  
&gt;Otra parte del experimento con el sapo era que primero el investigador los descerebraba. newlinechar  newlinechar [:3](http://www.myfacewhen.com/images/108.jpg)	[citation](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boiling_frog#Scientific_background).
For the love of me, I never remember a Just Cause 1.	Neither do must people.  But I hear it tried to do a lot of what was in JC2 but failed.
Brady is Jaime Lannister.	You hate him at first but the more you learn about him he becomes the best character?  newlinechar  newlinechar edit: JAIME LANNISTER IS THE FUCKING BEST. He's my favorite POV character, followed by Sansa. 
I had no idea Zippos were wind resistant, so I had this giant plot about inventing a little tiny windshield that you could clip on to all your lighters. Now I'm sad. I was going to be rich. Now I can't afford to fix my power windows.	You didn't know the main main point behind Zippos' existence? Did you think they were there only to look cool (which they do)?
And remember, if women don't find you handsome they should at least find you handy.	Looks like we've got another Canadian in the hizzle.
These services are still in high supply and high demand, so they're getting around the circumventions somehow, probably by using different proxy servers every 20 or so requests.	The moral of the story is reCAPTCHA doesn't care about stopping it, just making it more inconvenient and taking advantage of the free labor.
If someone handed me a helmert I would freak out too.  newlinechar  newlinechar 	Its this helmet, but with a snail shell you know like, yeah.
[NO BITCH, I DON'T TAKE REQUESTS.](http://quicklol.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/no-requests.jpg)	if the whole set list isnt levels/levels remixs, im going to boo him off stage
No you dolt, the point is to *stop repeating the same mistake*.	Thats cute, you think the people doing it consider it a mistake.
I can't think of anything witty to say, except that I'm asian and I should have filled it in yellow.	That's what, George Takei, said after he was asked 'Do you think you are typecasted as an asian?' George replied 'I am asian!'.
Maron is gonna say something about this season of Louie being more Jewy.  newlinechar  newlinechar Either way, I'm stoked for both appearances. 	I think Amy Schumer and Opie &amp; Anthony are going to be on the show, too. newlinechar  newlinechar It's already confirmed Jim Norton is going to be on, as well as Marc and Artie as noted in the article. newlinechar  newlinechar What about Norm MacDonald and Bill Burr?
http://i.imgur.com/zoXOi.png	... greater scott?
It's from the opera Porgy &amp; Bess. newlinechar  newlinechar But Sublime used the line in their song, also called ~~'Summertime'~~. I'm a faggot. newlinechar  newlinechar /mu/ OUT	The Sublime song is actually called 'Doin' Time,' for what it's worth.
I would think that it's just a rare mutation because it affects the testes which are controlled by only one chromosome (Y) meaning that the gene would be automatically dominant in a male kitten.	It may not even be genetic. It's just that a genetic mutation is the only thing that would allow breeders to take advantage of the trait.
Y Rebecca Black va a poder venir de gira a Mxico	Esta bien guapo y eso obviamente se traduce en alta habilidad para tomar las riendas de una nacion
When and why did you tag someone as 'Ex-Male Stripper Now Counselor'	That shall remain private. newlinechar  newlinechar You've been tagged as 'somehow tagged me'
I've never noticed either of those..	Gen 1, the whole reason TR is at Silph Co is for the ball. newlinechar  newlinechar How've you not noticed these? They're required for the plot.
i'm going to need proof of that, i stopped scrolling his feed after about 10 minutes.	I'm going by what the guys at [Pass it to Bulis](http://twitter.com/passittobulis/status/207997159675662336) said, and they're usually on point and very reliable with this kind of stuff. Having said that, I'm still iffy on this.
This.  1000x.	Don't do that.
I want to join the service just to do this.	[No problem. Just fill this out.] (https://www.marines.com/contact-a-recruiter)
Muahaha, OP steals Karma from Creator.	I hope you at least buy him a coffee with your Karma coupons. 
This is from february...	Yeah wasn't it ungodly hot in NYC recently?
Good Im glad Im not seeing things.	[](/b36 ' !')  newlinechar  newlinechar 
Yep, gone. Empty vita box too. OP must have done something bad. 	Glad to hear I wasn't the only redditor to go for the grab at least!
I approve this comment.	as a person who comments, i'll comment on this comment approving his comment that i approve of this comment's approval of comments newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  comment
Repost. BACK TO THE SHADOWS!	http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/uc72t/my_friend_had_a_very_productive_day/
[](/huhhuh)St. Louis is between Arizona and Boston! When should I expect you? I still need to evict the last person who moved in.	[](/rraritydress) Well, first I'll need to kill my parents, smoke the corpses and take them as food, take the car, teach myself how to drive it, steal copper wiring to make money for gas, and then I'll see
Boy, that escalated quickly.  newlinechar  newlinechar Just for the record, we aussies also put the full-stop outside the quotation mark.	Noted, to be used in the next clash of pedants attacking pedants that I'm involved in on Reddit!
I agree, pretty funny meme, but it's drowning out all the other topics. Like people looking for advice and such.	And since when are you the caring one? (It's ok, I know him personally.)
So would you say you work well with people?	I don't know; every man has his breaking point.
What do you mean by 'better' ?	Possibly healthier? But I would be interested to know pros and cons of either method myself.
You're right. Those meals are both equally oppressed. ;)	Exactly. We must unite against the pizzarchy.
http://i.imgur.com/9L38M.jpg	[FTFY](http://i.imgur.com/N93Mi.gif)
No, it's strategy until you get caught.	Yup, It teaches good business techniques. 
Classic NIN video.	I didn't know you could show someone's 'bilbo baggins' on a music video.
Do I detect a hint of sarcasm? [](/trixiesmug)		[](/grumpyscoot 'NOT AT ALL, I'M ALWAYS SRS. I'M SRS WID MAH BIDNESS.')
Thankfully in little league, ball goes significantly slower.  I was a catcher in little league many moons ago.	i used to play 1st base and right field. Loved first though. i stopped playing in middle school and played tennis instead. No regrets given. 
Marching band is one big incestuous family.	As a Marching band member for 3 years, i can confirm this.
[Here's one](http://ngm.nationalgeographic.com/visions/field-test/nichols-serengeti/img/gallery/05-baby-elephant-950.jpg) newlinechar  newlinechar [And one more!](http://www.lovethesepics.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/Mom-and-baby-elephants-holding-hands-or-trunks.jpg) newlinechar  newlinechar [I lied, a third](http://themetapicture.com/media/funny-baby-elephants-hugging-cute.jpg)	You don't understand how much I love elephants (baby and adults), this entire submission is going to make me vomit rainbows and candy.
uhh... cold tire traction usually sucks balls on fsae tires.  These compounds are designed to work best when warmed up and it takes a lot to warm up some of these tires due to the weights being so low.	Yeah, that's what I'm saying. You need all the traction you can get, especially when the tires are cold and there's not much to begin with. 
You dun been trolled.	nope he'd written it down, otherwise yes, that would be a classic mr brown troll
Oral bio is pretty close to Iv 	Yeah but OC has a hell of a rush. OP probably has a decent tolerance.
Its not a matter of objectifying every woman in the gaming community. But Nika's entire job is to sit there, look pretty, and occasionally squeal like a little girl. She's pretty much being paid to be objectified.	how unfortunately true this is, well on the bright side, she's good at her job.
&gt;Irony is so sad sometimes. newlinechar  newlinechar Like rain on your wedding day.	RIGHT. NO. WE'RE STOPPING THAT RIGHT HERE. newlinechar  newlinechar Alanis does not have a good grasp of the concept of irony, and that's a fact.
DOES HE TAKE REQUEST!? CAN HE DO ME!!? IM JEALOUS OF YOU SEVERELY AND THATS JUST A PIC!! ALLCAPS!	She doesn't usually do requests, but you can commission a pictures for $5 per pony.
Or based on the photo, maybe 5 years	Too mean...
Why can't people get it through their head that all of 4chan isn't /b/	because /b/ is the (in)famous part. Kinda like the fact that the word 'reddit' is being stamped with '/MR' and '/Jailbait' amongst non-redditors. newlinechar  newlinechar (although with reddit, there is only one small bit which doesn't deserve that label.)
Why on earth would they be writing a Garfield moving, actually, that'd be bad ass	Knowing their tendencies towards absurdity and dark themes, I imagine it would be more like [this](http://xkcd.com/78/) than like actual Garfield. 
Uhh yeah that's a 2h axe with one of those weird handles.	Yup. We figured that out a few posts up.
Beta was worthy to hold it, though. IIRC, Red Hulk wasn't. He just used sheer strength to lift it. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: But then again.. maybe zero-g helped matters.	That is an important distinction I had overlooked!
Funfact: at the beginning of Colosseum Umbreon is at a higher level than Espeon	It's been a long time
[](/raritydaww 'I know you do. And I care about you too.')[](/rarityannoyed 'But it feels like an escape. Can't be apart of my life.')[](/raritywut 'What is a hug on the internet? There is no touch, no presence.')[](/shyhug 'Only ... imagination. Which is strong, but painful ...')	[](/b16 'Well we both said we have powerful imaginations so...')[](/shyhug 'Yay hug!') 
Sir, are you mentally stable? You are arguing names with yourself now.	The IPhone app I use doesn't have an edit option.
Megablocks, Celine Dion, Tom Green, Bieber... newlinechar  newlinechar When will it end Canada? When. will. it. end?	You forgot nickelback.
Hey, me three!	[Cake for everyone!!](http://i.imgur.com/L2Hfz.jpg)
[](/rdwhy 'You're so mean')	[](/y32 'Dammit, I can't find the one of Twilight drinking cola without looking.') newlinechar  newlinechar [](/fancypants 'In any case, I'm rockin' my peers and putting suckas in fear, makin' the tears rain down like a monsoon.')
You must be sheltered. I see a lot of 16 year olds and the vast majority talk much worse than that.	I'm 19, I am not vulgar at all, but I've grown up around it both at home and at school. I'm past being worried about our generation, I have just accepted the fact that a majority are pretty stupid.
Just went through **ALL** of them. All taken :( newlinechar  newlinechar And to think i was there less then 3 sec after it was posted, Ctrl + F5ing like a maniac..	Should have just had a claim key page like everybody else does &gt;.&gt; I would have easily had one
Oh trust me, she doesn't have to worry about me being stolen away by a little dog. Her lack of concern is just confidence in that she knows I'll ditch the dog in an instant. :)	Awesome!
be careful with MUA. Their eye shadow palettes tempted me and I bought 3 of them. Waste of money. The quality of shadows in the palettes is terrible compared to the singles.	Yeah, I'll definitely agree with this - the palettes are so disappointing, especially compared to the single shadows which are beautiful, and such good value.  
It must be strange seeing fat people eat junk food, have you seen drunk people drinking alcohol or smokers smoking? It'll blow your mind.	have you ever seen a grown man naked?
Do you ever try to actively hurt the kids? I don't mean like seriously but like ever think ' we could make kids fly like 10 feet!' newlinechar  newlinechar Probably not but just curious.	haha no no. The last thing you would want is to have kids and parents upset at your show.
Optimistic by Radiohead.  It's on the Kid A album. 	A very Radiohead heavy segment.
[It costs $59.99 now... except its currently not available online...]( http://www.gamestop.com/pc/games/the-elder-scrolls-v-skyrim-collectors-edition/92869)	I do believe that's the online only price, it happens pretty often that people come expecting a different price than what we have... although i currently actually have one of those at the store i work at so i guess i could check it out
Extracting uranium ore and processing it to yellowcake?	Going swimming in a spent fuel pool?
So really it's pity rape?  	Indeed it is sir. Or perhaps one could call it 'punitive romance'. 
tried saying that 3 times, failed every time.	It's actually easy: newlinechar  newlinechar doctor - mentuary 
No cats with boobs?  [How about boobs with kitties?](http://imgur.com/r/funny/byukf) newlinechar  newlinechar I guess [NSFW - Kitties and Titties - must be the center of the internet then?](http://kittiesntitties.tumblr.com/)	Oh yeah, that's the stuff!
If I piss in their eyes, will they have nightvision?!?!	That is a good question sir
Did he whip open is long cream-colored raincoat when he first showed them to you?	chewing on a toothpick with his gold tooth and flipping a nickel
I'll get out my hard drive and upload the full size image in a moment, that might help you out a bit.	Great, thanks! Where was this taken from? Deductive reasoning says balcony or you're using a lens hood. =)
Pff, forwards time travel is hardly news. I do it all the time.	Just use forwards time travel until you come to a time where they've invented a backwards time travel machine.
It's Holland.. they live under sea level... they have wooden underwear.. let the man throw a toilet. 	~ pats Holland affectionately on the head ~
[kittiesntitties.tumblr.com](http://www.kittiesntitties.tumblr.com)	wow people really dont understand my joke
Is there something wrong with the earths gravitational pull in the future?	9.82 m/s^2 newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar too damn high
I have no pics (on my phone), but I think my puppy Zoe has you all 'beat.'  It turns out that *everything in the house* is her toy :)	Haha! Ok, that gave me a smile. Aren't dogs wonderful?
don't forget /r/secretcabal...	Either that's not for *all* gold members, or they just don't like me, it says it's private.
It is very surprising to me that alcohol doesn't affect you. Are you severe?  newlinechar Superbleeder answered your question about what I was asking. Wasn't looking for a particular answer. Thanks for responding! All of this discussion is very interesting to me. 	Yeah, type A severe, just like you :) newlinechar 
Wait, weed doesn't do that to you?	no, no it doesn't 
You also get the soundtracks. I owned all these games before this bundle and I still bought it for the soundtracks alone. Well worth it imo	cool:) Glad it was worth it for you!
Why?	Because instead of bowling, you get to blow up refineries with remote c4 charges.
I really like the eye make up, shadows and lashes look gorgeous on you 	Thank you!! I pretty much have non-existant lashes, so I love my falsies! :)
You know with all the hype lately I'm really thinking I need to try that shit. 	lol 
Its the screen stuff from a metal strainer. Is that bad for you or does it just not taste good?	if it's a quality, stainless steel strainer, no problem.
I'm only doing Sunday again this year a little bummed that 4/8 artists were in the trance stage on Sunday last year too, wish they could have brought some more never before seen talent like exminds or mark leanings. Regardless its still gonna be awesome!	Everything Eximinds have been releasing recently has been amazing. 
I personally think that particular tattoo for a guy would look better on your ribs. Tattoos on the waist seem kind of feminine to me, but you should get it wherever you want!	Not sure why the down votes, he asked for an opinion, and many will agree with you.  I think this would be a much better collar piece, or possibly even calf... But to be honest, it's hard to go wrong with something liked this
What if you know it's true?	Then you look her right in the eyes, smile perversely, and whisper in her ear 'and all X inches of it are going up inside you' then proceed to the sex.
it's a good place for a defensive heavy to stand, cant be backstabbed and can get health and ammo easy newlinechar 	That sounds like a valid strategy. I appreciate your input but 2Fort is for sniper duels, dr enforcicle and demoknights NOT strategy. 
Oh, the imaginary webs we weave. Typically more impressive than our real life webs.	Oh yeah, the soap operas I could have wrote....
If it seems so heavy that it's about to break then tie it up. If not, I'd leave it alone. Good job on the orchid rescue!	Thanks! Literally dont know why I can't seem to keep anything but these alive... Hahaha the branch is actually quite sturdy, so I guess I'll let it do it's thing! 
Oh my goodness. Bone, Maus, and Persepolis? You sir are an awesome person. Those are all amazing books. PM me with your address and I'll see what I can do. :)	Ha! They are *great* reads! I'll pop you a PM. Thanks!
Yeah I got my Black Widow to VIII today and it dawned on me that I no longer needed it because the Krysae just outperforms it in every way. Especially now that Atlases and Primes don't take headshot damage.	I felt kinda disappointed .. this week I should've been really happy to get BW VI and Valiant II, but what's the point, I already got Krysae X. 
If you keep thinking like that, you will end up with something called a virus	Like AIDS
Heh. Nah there's no way to redeem it. Reddit's just a game where the points don't matter...  newlinechar  newlinechar Honestly though karma isn't actually important to 'everyone' but the minority who likes to make a big deal out of it is extremely vocal. 	Haha ironically Mr. Rich has a short story titled 'karma' in his 'Ant Farm' book, it is only 2 short pages so I took a pic if you wanna read it (sorry bout the quality)  http://i.imgur.com/I7imG.jpg
That's actually pretty good pay. Did you get compensation for the burns?	I did not get any extra pay but they paid for the medical bills. 
This. 1000x.	Solve for this.
If the gun powder in the cartridge isn't wet, then most guns will fire underwater.	Most *cartridges* will *explode*, yes...I'm talking about the mechanical integrity of the actual gun.
Wow, Rocket Jumper is a legitimate loadout choice now.	I can see a crazy influx of Market Gardener Soldiers, god help us all..
You mean just the regular ticket machines? I've never seen any on top... But maybe I wasn't looking hard enough?	You have to really slide your hand across the top. You're not trying until your hand has a thick layer of dust.
Hurleys isn't really a lounge, but the corner rooms are quite, have comfy seating, and a great atmosphere. The music room and the sports room are loud as all hell, though.	hurleys is alright if you avoid the rooms in which any house band is playing.  also, the waitresses there are quite nice.
Big ass RAW tray! Where from?	Thanks! Got it for free from my local glass shop a few months back along with the Wisper and unique bubbler in the front.
He fooled me into downloading the file that I screenshotted for this post.  The karma is rightfully mine.	a) You had no business downloading my gift to our classmate, and b) you should have known.
Thanks amigo. I made it to the end of the day and that's what counts. On a related note, I've decided to begin minor office espionage. First up, neatly linked paper clips returned to the paper clip cups as if they're loose. Oh yes, I'm a terrible, terrible person.	i'm gonna say you are a great person. that will add so much more fun to the office. 
I thought that looked damned good, actually.	thanks, if I ever go to Canada I'm checking if you're cooking. If I remember correctly you had that multi animals grill session a while back.. multiple types of dead animals at a time is delicious
When I selected create account it said that I had to log into Facebook in order to create and acount.	What a terrible decision. 
Self-proclaimed 'smart'. I love it. 	But reading books leaves him confused.
20/0	you monster
rotflmao, you're a cat at the end. WTF kinda weed turns you into a cat &amp; where do I get it?	Wish I knew, man. It was something passed along from my father, god bless him.
Ireland is not the UK, but yeah. 	I wasn't sure whether he was from the Republic or the North, so I crossed my fingers and hoped no one would notice...
why did they have to link the video!!!!!	I thought you were joking, but the link looks legit... and I am *not* clicking on it...
We may be fat, but god damn we have delicious M&amp;Ms.	Ya, those coconut M&amp;Ms sounds quite nice...
Use the agent finder and find where the Faction Navy level IVs are, you'll see very expensive battleships there doing them. A nice chunk of them are in that very system, so all you have to do is combat scan a marauder down and profit :D	Faction Navy meaning under http://eve-agents.com and Faction I would choose Caldari/Gallente/Minmatar/Amarr?
Oh god i wish mordekaiser never get popular again.  Laning against him is worse than laning against karth, almost as bad as against morg @_@	What? newlinechar  newlinechar Laning vs both of those champions are easy to lane against. Karthus is really weak during the laning phase, Morgana doesn't have any kill potential unless you are really dumb.
I do believe that's the online only price, it happens pretty often that people come expecting a different price than what we have... although i currently actually have one of those at the store i work at so i guess i could check it out	What the heck? Why would they advertise a set price online and then have a different price in the store?
i wish i could. i'll add you on DN though, so we can do it sometime tomorrow? whats your username	My username. Lol.
Operation Chortling Barbie has been uncovered!  Retreat!	SEE?! There you go again. *sheesh*  newlinechar  newlinechar Can't take you guys anywhere.
You must not be trying very hard.	Okay, funniest thing I've seen in the last hour. 
the more the merrier! what date is the wedding that your friend is going to?	Saturday newlinechar 
How the fuck is there a relevant comic about this...	I don't know and the more I think about it the less sense it seems to make. 
It's illegal to strike another person.  Doesn't matter the gender of the person, or relationship.	so its illegal to spank your kids? 
any tips for chrome?	Of course! newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.google.com/intl/en/landing/chrome/cadie/
Just use forwards time travel until you come to a time where they've invented a backwards time travel machine.	And then find out that you can only travel backwards to the point where this time travel machine was invented, no further?
It may not even be genetic. It's just that a genetic mutation is the only thing that would allow breeders to take advantage of the trait.	Unless of the testes were sucked inwards while the mother was giving birth, I would say that it's genetic.
Right after your first kiss. newlinechar  newlinechar 	-_________________-
created by a deadric prince, yes. newlinechar  newlinechar Deadra =/= demons	*Daedra
Too bad about those kids in Africa who make $5 a month.	It's all in the spin.  newlinechar  newlinechar 'Yeah, for just one months pay you yourself can fund a brand new colony on *mars*!'
Stripper	Haha nobody wants to see me naked!
Define not expensive.	He didn't say not expensive at all, just less expensive than he expected.
Ah, I'm sorry I assumed. If they have that kind of foundation of love for you, maybe one day they will be able to see how much you need this. 	that's kinda why this is so hard, i knew there was always a possibility that they wouldnt accept it, but i thought as loving as they had been, i hoped they would be on my side. that's why it hurts so much. 
I pray forgiveness for my crime of not knowing the name of every movie that I have ever seen.	In the jungle you must wait, until the dice read five or eight.
He can't read or write. He's illiterate. It's referenced in the show after he talks with his son about Stannis being his god, and in the books when he's Hooked on Phonics with Endric, supervised by Maester Pylos.	I know. That is why I said assuming he could he could type with little effort.
I have a shitty Jeep Grand Cherokee, so my story isn't as badass, but one time some dude in a tiny ass sedan (roughty Tercel-sized) gassed it in reverse right into me. He wedged himself underneath the front of my car and my front wheels lifted off the ground.	Someone did that to my mom in her Ranger. But it was the other way. It lifted the back tires of the ground and somehow didn't even leave a scratch. 
Yeah I did that exact same thing with mine as well. Also had the same frustration when logging into my laptop :(	I'm so glad I'm not alone in this UN tom-foolery.
No party like a communist party.	'Cause a Communist party don't quit.  newlinechar  newlinechar Or you go to Siberia. 
4 hours to go!, though I started preloading 3 hours ago and am just past 50%.. newlinechar 	It's fucking great dude, you'll love it. newlinechar  newlinechar Oh and watch [Man on Fire](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M_UCVKRFHjM) while you wait (definitely *before* you play).
Are testicales ales brewed from testicles?  If so, that's one mug I don't wanna chug.	Pardon my dicklexia 
I feel Twilight Sparkle is a harder one to pinpoint, considering her element was magic and there isn't really an opposite to that. newlinechar  newlinechar Off the top of my head, perhaps something like Emptiness?	Given the title of the show and the way she behaved while Discorded- packing up to leave Ponyville behind- I'd offer Solitude or Loneliness.
One of my biggest disappointments with NV was the music. I dig the Sinatra and Dean Martin, but most the country-western stuff just annoys me. Would love to be able to replace those with the music from 3. Or just more big band, Vegas style tunes. 	The music from FO3 stuck in my head a lot longer, though I did play it more. newlinechar  newlinechar Random thought - I could totally see a Sir Digby/Herbert Daring Dashwood crossover.
*POP*	I hate you.
Oh wow.... Thanks so much!	You're welcome!
have you not discovered lidls instant mash powder? just add boiling water and theres still enough in the kettle to make a mug of scald	You can't compare instant mash powder and poppys, it's like taking a bottle of expensive wine and a bottle of grape juice with vodka and calling them the same! Both good in their own right, but can't be compared as anything other than something you ingest!
Sounds like you saw the latest Saudi Drift Ejected video	Yup, no me gusta.
They had to film that scene over and over for weeks until he finally got that hand. 	That's dedication!
No no no no no.  Don't compare yourself to anyone.	Why not? If guys can generalize my behavior to all girls who sleep on the first date, then why can't I compare myself to others?
Congratulations! I've since retired but man was I glad when I got mine.	Yeah, kind of glad I got the crawling claw before the mount, otherwise I don't think I ever would've gotten it. I now have all archaeology pets and both archaeology mounts. :)
http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/uc72t/my_friend_had_a_very_productive_day/	Thanks.
9.82 m/s^2 newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar too damn high	You confused the bot...nice.
Putting it on the ceiling would be great too, oh wait gravity doesn't work like that	I can suspend a 1-meter by 1-meter by 1-meter block of solid stone in midair. I don't think we need to be constrained by real-world gravity.
Ewwww! So creepy! Did you ever go to r -slash- pregnant (don't want to link to it on this post) before you found /r/BabyBumps ? There's quite a few redditors who have this fetish which is all fine and good but messaging us personally is a bit much.	No. I luckily found this one first! I'm so glad I didn't stumble across the fetish subreddit first! 
I agree, anytime someone like Jones makes a false prediction, we should call him on it. It's the habit of these people to slink away and change their stories after the fact. Jones does it all the time. He never admits to being flat-out wrong, which is he frequently.	While I have serious and nearly all-encompassing problems with your viewpoints re: society as expressed here on Reddit, I really do appreciate your agreement here. No one is served by sensationalist false prophets of doom. There's enough to fear in reality without making shit up. 
&gt;Conscientious objectors can still be drafted, they just get to be medics and aren't required to carry a gun. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar So employ these doctors in areas where the requirements of the job doesn't  ask them to infringe their religious beliefs. Same principle. Problem solved.	yep. if a doctor can't be a doctor, let them at the filing jobs, or keep them at a nursing station. 
Absolutely beautiful! Did you only have one stencil that you used over and over? The spacing is AWESOME. How'd you manage that part?	I just printed corners of where the adjacent stencils would be as a guide on the transparency. You can see it on the computer screen in the one picture. The only other thing is you have to use a level to make sure you stuck the stencil on straight
In my experience it's because few people like it.	Haha well, I've never found the teeming masses to have very good taste. 
Actully? ACTULLY IS DOLAN	acually is no dolan, is kalisi
Yeah, stats-wise, It's probably been the inferior choice up until now. newlinechar But for some reason I've enjoyed using it. newlinechar I think the recoil is slightly lower than the other semi-autos and it makes it easier for me to put the follow-up shots on target	Honestly how it feels is the most important piece to any gun. If you're comfortable and know how it performs then you will do well.
If your meet is week 7 I've got bad news for you	Meet is 12 weeks out. 
Wow... NC MAXs look a little too awesome.	*grumblegrumble*
in general, you're correct.  newlinechar  newlinechar good luck convincing a 50 year old department head that tough-to-measure thread like this one is what a company needs when they've grown up learning that the new york times is the be-all-end-all of publicity victories. 	Even a 50 yr old department head is surely familiar with the concept of the all mighty comment karma.... 
I didn't know you could show someone's 'bilbo baggins' on a music video.	I don't know how many times it was played, but it was banned from the music channels very quickly.
I went in there for a Kristoff and an Undercrown and began chatting with my local guy, and he hooked me up like crazy, including a feral!	Hooked you up how? Discount? Free sticks?
Do you use any kind of lotion after shaving? I find a light moisturizing lotion like Nivea Post Shave balm soothes/prevents razor burn, plus it keeps me looking youthful and fresh. :-)  newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.amazon.com/Nivea-Shave-Replenishing-3-3-Ounce-Bottles/dp/B001FB5IGO/ref=sr_1_5?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1338509331&amp;sr=8-5	I do - Nivea Sensitive.  That does help.  I am eagerly awaiting the arrival of some Proraso pre and post shave cream to experiment with.
Dat clop-clop. 	Clop-clop, mothafucka
wow people really dont understand my joke	Yeah, I don't get your joke. xD
That video built up Really well. At first I thought 'this is *alright*...' but by the end I couldn't look away. That was incredible. I think i'm gonna watch it again. newlinechar  newlinechar Ooh, one thing. Did you make the map or can I find it somewhere.	It's in his description, [here it is.](http://browse.deviantart.com/?qh=&amp;section=&amp;q=map+of+equestria#/d46wmzm)
Is 88 a normal Jersey number?	Any number is pretty normal.
I wish it had. 	It's cool, it's already been submitted with that title. 
[FTFY](http://i.imgur.com/N93Mi.gif)	[](/pinkiefear) that .gif is horrifying 
Not quite triples.	Shorthand.
Jesus backwards sounds like sausage.	Soosej!
Could be worse: [the actual Mona Lisa in CSS](http://rmer.info/css_mona_lisa.html) (3.3MB - you have been warned).	Awww, it crashes Chrome :(
they are most likely now, working for the US Taxpayer, as a TSA screener newlinechar  newlinechar 	haha thats silly like the TSA would hire someone who was paid off to...nevermind.
No Jew has ever tried to make pork illegal to an entire country except where Jews are the majority. 	So fuck the minority of nonjews?
I can't find the post, it might have been deleted from /r/nba. newlinechar  newlinechar [Anthony Davis wearing a Hornets hat a few weeks ago.](http://3432-philly.voxcdn.com/files/2012/05/Anthony-Davis-Hornets.jpg) newlinechar  newlinechar Some comments claimed it was the Charlotte logo though.	thx
Rubber knife and coat one edge in lipstick.	Clever, but that would require a) girlfriend or other female in my life b) the shame of buying lipstick. Just kidding, wouldn't that rub off if sheathed tho?
this is true arnold did smoke up after work outs. he said so in pumpin iron	'Milk is for babies. When you grow up you have to drink beer.'  -Arnold
Don't worry, I saw what you did there.	At least someone did. I think people are really starting to think its really 'just decent'. 
What's wrong with Matt? He's a great guy.	He helped me move a fridge once.
Then you'll have idiot teachers giving an idiot's education, breeding a nation of idiots.	The political parties thank you for your idea and have taken it under advisement.
So much better	Funny, because the original video is *so* much worse.
Small question... Why does OP capitalize the H in Thanks? Not sure why it bugs me... it just... looks off.	I think my pinky finger was still on the shift when I hit it. My pinky is slow to get off the shift key. :-)
Seconding RC Cola. Loved it when I was a kid, but one day it just disappeared from shelves. Left me quite sad.	really? i see it all the time
Not doing AD, but what zelda items do you have in mind?  I'm trying to think of a gift idea for a friend that likes Zelda, but didn't really find anything I liked on ravelry.	the [triforce pillow](http://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/triforce-pillow), [link gaunlets](http://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/links-gauntlets), [twilight princess](http://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/twilight-princess) and maybe these [zelda mittens](http://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/zelda-mittens) if I get some extra money to buy the extra yarn colors for it. newlinechar  newlinechar you might also want to check out the patterns on etsy for zelda
also some great Castlevania, Metroid, and Megaman titles. As well as a decent Zelda game.	Zelda Seasons or whatever it was called. Loved it.
Unless you're from Kentucky. If so, I apologize unreservedly. 	It'd be really funny if he actually tracked you down. 
Big Show squashed 3 young guys on Monday Night. 2 of them were Champions so i'm not going to act as if one company is innocent :')	Truth is about a month older than Show, by the way.
Piggybacking you putting significant back-stress on StrawmanSniffingDog. newlinechar  newlinechar Andrewsmith1986 you are a terrible neo-nazi with no concept of empathy or common sense. I cannot understand why you think the things you do are acceptable.	Ten minute hate up in here? ANDREWSMITH1986 IS A TOTAL FUCKWIT
You forgot nickelback.	I know, I paid the hypnotist good money too.
Does this work in Mexico? If it does I'm gonna need a bigger towel. 	Yes, with one exception: Kindle 2s and Kindle DXes sold in the US won't work in the rest of the world because they use Sprint's CDMA network. K2s and DXes sold *outside* the US will work internationally, as will all Kindle 3s.
same exact frame as mine! that ol' thing still rips- congrats! how much does yours weigh? newlinechar  newlinechar also, Brenda, cause why the fuck not.	Thanks!  According to my bathroom scale, 26 pounds, which is about 4 pounds lighter than my old hardtail.
An integral suppressor or one that affixes to the gas block (like the KAC ones) or a QD can and a matching permanently attached muzzle device would skirt such a legislative paradox. 	Thanks, that's exactly what I was thinking. The only other blunder is that the states that ban threaded barrels also tend to explicitly ban silencers, such as NY (which at least bans silencers).
Thats it at the moment, but Im always open to more!	Has anyone ever told you that you're an awesome part of the community?
[*asdf* **asdf**](//#kfc2011)	[*jkl;* **jkl;**](//#neodestiny)
Or trip before it and then get impaled horribly when you land on it.	Yesssss, it's all going according to his plans....
?	Up your butt.
16 keys and a ref newlinechar 	C/O
I think Amy Schumer and Opie &amp; Anthony are going to be on the show, too. newlinechar  newlinechar It's already confirmed Jim Norton is going to be on, as well as Marc and Artie as noted in the article. newlinechar  newlinechar What about Norm MacDonald and Bill Burr?	My dick is so hard for this season. 
Gratz newlinechar 	Thanks for coming to my party!
[Nope] (http://i.imgur.com/VODcC.png).	Either way, it's all sorted out.
Ahh damn. For a second there I thought it was going to be next saturday (the date of my wedding) and I was thinking somehow I knew the person lol	I was wrong the wedding he is going to is in Little Chute
Thanks, it's really not too difficult, just sort of time-consuming. [Here's the heart symbol.](http://i.imgur.com/Fb15F.jpg) newlinechar  newlinechar Plus: [Blood](http://i.imgur.com/emu5Y.jpg?1) and [Dirk/Bro's glasses](http://i.imgur.com/y0jgn.jpg) (Sorry about the pictures, by the way, my phone's shit and I don't have a real camera.)	[You might get better pictures if you put a sheet of paper over the LEDs so they project onto it.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U1t9usUr9ns)
And then reddit decreases productivity by around 240%.	At least Karma production was increased by 15%.
$65? That's uber conservative, more like above $100 by tomorrow.	You're forgetting about tomorrows surprise first week split!
19 and still growing!	Since i'm the same age as you i am calling DIBS on you
Sweet!	'What does mine say?'
###THIS LITERALLY HAPPENS TO ME EVERY TIME I GO TO WALMART	[*hooo hhhh hooo hhhh*](/dartpulto)
Was it too short then?  Thats the only way I can imagine doing it to oneself, if it limited you from fully retracting. newlinechar  newlinechar Frenulum breve is the medical name	It was indeed. Scared me for a good week or so after that and stopped me from going anywhere near down there. Next fappy time I realised it hadn't healed and it was totally detached. I had trouble pulling back before and still do now but that vastly improved it.
After '95 would mean no more than 16... newlinechar  newlinechar 17 isn't too young in my opinion (as long as they aren't posting nsfw), but 16 is getting there...	Normally, I would agree with you. However, this particular subreddit celebrates a comic that illustrates the genius and creativity of youth. No one is too young for Calvin and Hobbes, so is someone truly too young for /r/calvinandhobbes?
RIGHT. NO. WE'RE STOPPING THAT RIGHT HERE. newlinechar  newlinechar Alanis does not have a good grasp of the concept of irony, and that's a fact.	Mr. Play It Safe! You afraid to fly?
It's from an English nursery rhyme as well.	Bloody hell. TIL. 
[SPOILER](http://i.imgur.com/djDQZ.png)	How do you take screenshots like that? Is it a program or is it windows?
How is it a problem?	The only reason TF2 is very mildly P2W instead of completely P2W is because everything meant to be used in actual games drops. This isn't true of the rocket and sticky jumpers.
no such thing: owned all of them newlinechar  newlinechar [Asolo Fugitive GTX](http://www.rei.com/product/706762/asolo-fugitive-gtx-hiking-boots-mens) is the best though.	I've had my Asolo's for about 5 years now, hiked around 250 miles in them. The rubber on the toe started peeling off cuz I sat (slept) too close to a campfire, but other than that they've held up very well.
I think the first shot won't count, next will have +20%.	That's what I meant. If you are disguised when you click, it's like a normal shot. The following shots (when you're exposed) do more damage. 
I disagree but okay.	We must settle this like gentlemen.  I shall meet you on the field of honour at dawn.  Weapons of your choosing; 10 paces and fire.
[](/b36 ' !')  newlinechar  newlinechar 	Uno! You quit that shit right now sir!
Naturally they're Greek....	His dad is *The Greek.*
I knew it! I was thinking and I could not remeber... I looked back at your loadouts and remembered the team that all wore gibuses. I knew it! You are quite good from what I saw...	We're not the best but we have tonnes of fun and style. Mainly style.
Is that Mitt Romney?	Santorum.
?	&gt;Redditor for a year newlinechar  newlinechar well done.
Exactly. We must unite against the pizzarchy.	I... I have a confession to make. newlinechar  newlinechar I ate some pizza the other night. newlinechar  newlinechar It was delicious. :(
oh, ok. i didnt know if you used different usernames.	I know, I just thought it funny.
I seriously just sat here and laughed for like 2 minutes at this.	Tip of the day: when you enjoy a comment you can click in the upvote arrow
We didn't believe you then and we don't believe you now.	Where's Fuck_Trapped_in_Reddit when you need him?
yep. if a doctor can't be a doctor, let them at the filing jobs, or keep them at a nursing station. 	I'm sure there are plenty of other areas of medicine that wouldn't require  them to breach their ethical standards. 
Yes, but they would no longer be on Earth, so...   I fail to see the problem here.	An acceptable trade-off, I say.
I can suspend a 1-meter by 1-meter by 1-meter block of solid stone in midair. I don't think we need to be constrained by real-world gravity.	What if i replaced all the blocks with gravel, huh? where would your anti-gravity be then, huh?
Great, another unnecessarily verbose sexual story. If there's one thing /r/bestof needs, it's more of this kind of original, fresh content.	It wasn't even funny
*What if that really is Bill Murray?*	It is the perfect cover!
Daaaaamn, all we need is some good decent D to go with Phaneuf and we'll be a force to reckon with next year (if this is true of course).	my brain just folded in on itself
Although I am seeking advice, a much larger part of me just wanted to say this all, so that SOMEONE out there would know the whole story. I'm already feeling a lot better of the idea of letting him just go away.	Fair enough, just remember to take the comments with a grain of salt. Or like, 50 grains of salt. 
Haha well, I've never found the teeming masses to have very good taste. 	Then continue with that fabulous hat c:
Dude. Only X inches? You should see a doctor or something. You might be a woman.	10 inches ain't that bad, dude.
Well I obviously wouldn't do it for a long exposure - that's a waste of my time, but if someone's shot involves taking a picture of me without asking first then I've no obligation, moral or legal, to let them do it. 	The picture probably isn't of you. No one gives a shit about you. Just keep walkin, dude.
People do make a big deal about it being 'The Hardest game'. It's like you said, they don't really know any different. It is hard in a good way, and rewarding, but people still freak out about it.	I'm willing to bet most of these people never played Battletoads........you want hard, play some old school NES games, you'll know hard.
I go on occasionally but it's usually empty.	Well I'll be on for now on so if you come on hit me up! WashedUpLuke! I work 2-10 though
Or a false positive.	My first assumption.
/r/buildapc buddy.	TIL. Thanks!
I want to go to there.	you defiantly should
Your better of without him hunny....good luck x	Thank you (: 
I need to add the word 'lexicon' to my lexicon.	I need to look up lexicon. 
Rock in Rocktober?	You...you do not get to use that word! newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: A former friend of mine sent me, out of the blue, [this](http://imgur.com/2AQi0) the other day. (Okay, she is still my friend, and one of my better friends.)
That's what I heard. I could absolutely be wrong though, nobody take my word.	~~My expectations are already higher. It's all on you.~~ newlinechar  newlinechar Spirits crushed. 
B-b-but I already have partnership. I 'spam' them because I deem them as entertaining. This subreddit is pretty dead anyway, it's doing no harm.	Don't listen to him Lewis! You make good vids. :)
if it's a quality, stainless steel strainer, no problem.	I asked the label for this particular strainer... MOFUCKIN STAINLESS STEEL! AWH YEAH!! (excited tone, not an in your face one)
I can see a crazy influx of Market Gardener Soldiers, god help us all..	I market gardened before the fix...and i sucked at it....
Even though they are cheaper, you actually still only need one... newlinechar  newlinechar 5 may be a bit excessive. 	Now, Zoidberg, you are becoming a crafty consumer. Hello? I'll take eight!
Chad at non stop art. 	Cannot recommend this dude hard enough. 
Hey little thing lemma lie chacanna cuz mama ah sowwa duh hanna na yesarow.	Excellent.
SALAMANDASTROOOOOOON!	EULALIAAAAAAA!
Hey that's is just good population control. 	yeah i mean 2 less on the census and only 1 face needs to be eaten, how can we not hope for more of this.
He said he picked people with interesting usernames that posted a lot in the last thread, but he might have changed his `rules'.	Interesting usernames eh?
ok, how do you format this to look like a vertical list? T_T	skip 2 lines instead of one  newlinechar  newlinechar like newlinechar  newlinechar this
THIS IS FAKE. DON'T JOIN. IM THE OWNER	This add is actually fake. No one will be guaranteed OP but it is a nice server and the owner, zIKoDy is a nice guy. newlinechar 
One does not simply prevent herpes with a condom.	True too, but it certainly doesn't hurt.
Wait.. you thought I was making a 'Canadian is being deadpan serious joke'   newlinechar  newlinechar I guess you did start out with an apology?  That sounds pretty Canadian. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm just joking.  ;)	Okay.. I just poked fun at a Canadian.. now I feel like I need to apologize.  newlinechar  newlinechar Seriously though, I think Canadian money is cool. 
Ha, smoke weed every day and I'm still a bit below the 10% mark.	everyone seems to be,
People have been saying this since the beginning of civilization.	Although it became significantly more plausible once we figured out nuclear bombs.
People who have called the number have reported that it's just a generic 'leave a message at the tone' type of thing, and it's not Bill Murray's voice either.	Nice try, Bill Murray.
C'MON DOS SANTOS! Drive up your market value!	'Arry?
is this a conversion?? crazy good paint job regardless 	It was a Gamesday model from a few years back: http://www.ifelix.co.uk/images992/gdmodel.jpg that I convertafied for 40k goodness. And thanks about the paintjob, put a bunch of hours in to this one!
Faction Navy meaning under http://eve-agents.com and Faction I would choose Caldari/Gallente/Minmatar/Amarr?	There's an actual agent finder in the game now, but that'll do. I prefer Amarr/Caldari due to it's proximity to the hubs.
Is there any way to download everything on that page in one go?	If you have Firefox you can install the Download Them All extension from [http://www.downthemall.net/](http://www.downthemall.net/) All the files are Zip files so it'd be easy to configure DTA to grab them
Have you heard any memorable remarks from cashiers or fellow customers about those purchases?	Sadly we buy them online, so no. However each of the boxes comes with hundreds of 'how to use a condom' guides. 
You never get used to it.  If I were you I would abstain from all forms of physical dick pleasure for at least a week to allow your dick to reset.  It's not gonna make condom-sex suck any less, but at least you'll be able to finish.	Actually the reset button is in the rectum. But it's one of those annoying recessed buttons that you need to use a really skinny pen to press. Terrible engineering, IMO.
FLOP MORE BLAKE	flop city bitch, flop flop city bitch.
Only once every 26 months becaus the rest of the time  - due to the different orbits of the planets - Mars is much further away than 7 months. [See this image.](http://www.universetoday.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/06/earthmarsorbittop.jpg)	Thanks for explaining this with a simple picture. Up vote for you.
really? i see it all the time	I've been everywhere from London, ON to St. John's, NL in the past few years and never came across it. [Considering it's owned by a company from Mississauga](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RC_Cola) you'd think I'd have found it somewhere.
Bro, why isn't Samurai Champloo up in your list?  Cowboy Bebop and SC go hand in hand!!!	On the contrary, Bebop is my favorite anime, yet I cannot stand Champloo.  Different strokes and all that...
I want his calves	better than fankhouser's?
Garage? Tetris the freezers into the freezer. The freezers go three layers deep. You want something really, really frozen? Now you got a freezer for that.	The last freezer in the chain is the freezest.
Truth is about a month older than Show, by the way.	As soon as i read that my brain just flashed an image on K-Kwik. HOW COULD I FORGET? Thanks for the correction.
Meet is 12 weeks out. 	Are you 4realz 4realz gonna do it?
Cyst. Clogged pore, under lid pimple. Relax.	Forgot sty.
Nickelodeon* 	At this point, same difference, unfortunately. newlinechar  newlinechar But you're right; it was that one...
I'm really not sure ... my only experience of /r/redditrequest was when it first opened, and all of the people posting in subs related to Israel and Palestine scrambled to snag each other's subs. newlinechar  newlinechar That was an unedifying experience. newlinechar 	That sounds like an odd parallel to the actual israel/palestine conflict, what with all the trying to figure out who the original mods were.
[7] did not realize till i read this. ugh.	me either I thought that the video of a real game was just fucked with :/
Because it *may* mean that the Extended Cut is more than just some cheesy additional ending cinematic showing the squad chatting on the mystery planet or whatever. newlinechar  newlinechar Keyword 'may'.	They wouldn't just make a cheesy additional cinematic... would they? Could they make the same mistake twice.. in a row? newlinechar  newlinechar Looks like I have a too high opinion of Bioware.
Is the female Wizard as much of a cunt as the male one?	Yes. She's voiced by Grey DeLisle, who does a great job of voicing her as an arrogant bitch. It's awesome. 
[](/re21 'I seem to remember you were the one that got her wings caught in the ceiling fan.') 	[](/louder 'Your the one who made out with a pillow.')
What is it like to know that every guy on here asking questions has and will continue to masturbate to you?	It turns me on when I think about it. :-P It makes me feel good to know I can make others feel good too. 
Thanks! I'm going to annoy people as much as possible in itty bitty ways. Late for work? All your rubber bands are now in a ball. Dump your bullshit paperwork on my desk? Omg your tissue box disappeared! 	that's awesome, treat me like shit? look your letters are now sealed completely in duct tape!
Try RPGMAKER if you're too lazy to do it for real, you can get it made with very little programming skill, and it's a hell of a step up from power point.	Myst was originally created in Hypercard. RPGmaker creates RPGmaker games. If he's ready to do the programming for it, Powerpoint can make a fantastic game.
Agreed! Let's give the IRC a try for tonight's game?	I'll be there!
That's what those big sinks in the wall or for.	Urinals?  Don't poop in those.
[](/pinkiefear) that .gif is horrifying 	I think you mean wonderful[](/joy 'Also, bronies everywhere. It is beautiful.').
now I want a damn kitten!	haha i dont think your brothers would like that
How would CBSi have any control over TL?	$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
I like the way you think.	Who knew blocks of cheese were so smart..
karma train, next stop, 42nd Street	I too, am of 209. Not sure where this is going.
F-701 is the greatest pen that I have ever had the privilege of using. It always runs smooth and the stainless steel body is super durable and has a great heft to it. To me, it is *everything* a ballpoint should be.	I have an F-701 that I reserve for signing important documents! ha ha my only complaint is that I have a hard time finding replacements when the ink runs out.
So if a doctor killed one person to save 99 then they would also be doing their job just fine 99% of the time?	the doctor would probably argue that giving emergency contraception is killing one person to save zero.
Came here to upvote for Propagandhi!	That split with I Spy on Recess Records is incredible. I've listened to that 10' more than any record.
Coming from a 16 year old boy you're a very pretty girl, definitely not ugly.	thanks! :D
Pretty much anything Brendan Fraser has done. Granted I haven't seen Journey to the Center of the Earth. But I tend to enjoy his films. I can't tell if it's really that I like the films or if it's just that he is that likable of a guy though.	http://i.imgur.com/scauq.gif
That sounds extremely cool. Care to link to it?	http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/7447942.stm
TIL where the Black Sabbath song title comes from.	Yeah, it was news to me, too. newlinechar  newlinechar Apparently there's a really bad movie about it, too.
Also could be your phone if you use mobile facebook. Mine has various locations from my home state (VA) and Maryland even though I haven't been there in a year. My friend's iphone has locations in Pennsylvania too.	I'm in VA also and there's a few from Maryland in there too. Probably a mobile or IP thing. 
Okay, funniest thing I've seen in the last hour. 	I think it was the 'lool' that got you all the downvotes.  I mentally pronounced it, and it was not very pleasing.
Probably another Eastern Conference team who benefited from Boozer's defending all year.	Bobcats? Paul Silas?
I might be wrong here, but isn't Double Fine an indie company? newlinechar  newlinechar Like, Bastion was published by Warner Brothers but was developed by an Indie company.	Halo Reach is an indie game too, technically. It doesn't fit the spirit of what the Humble Bundle is, though, just like Psychonauts doesn't.
Reference?	[Here](http://www.wptv.com/dpp/news/news_archives/miami-zombie-attack-video-footage-shows-entire-attack-by-rudy-eugene-on-ronald-poppo-police-say)
####DAE THINK I'M ONE OF LOGICALLY_FLAWED'S NOVELTY ACCOUNTS???	###WAIT YOU CAN'T BE ONE OF LOGICALLY_FLAWED'S NOVELTY ACCOUNTS, I'M ONE OF LOGICALLY_FLAWED'S NOVELTY ACCOUNTS!!!
Finally enforcer nerf! 	So, the enforcer has higher damage, and slower firing speed... which means your aim matters more... which means that it's... technically, a more skilled weapon now than the vanilla-revolver? newlinechar  newlinechar *mind blows
WHO DARED TO DOWNVOTE HIS POST AND DENY HIM PREVIOUS KARMA. newlinechar  newlinechar DO YOU PEOPLE NOT KNOW THAT BAKED_BROTATO HAS A FAMILY TO FEED? WITHOUT KARMA, HIS FAMILY WILL STARVE.	THANK YOU!!! I'm glad someone understands!
[Likely for Quantum Conundrum](http://www.reddit.com/r/tf2/comments/ueg3m/prepurchase_quantum_conundrum_and_receive_3/) as spotted earlier.	[Guaranteed for Quantum Conundrum](http://store.steampowered.com/app/200010) more like...
That's because he looks white.	He looks like Hugh Jackman, and photoshopped to boot.
yeah i mean 2 less on the census and only 1 face needs to be eaten, how can we not hope for more of this.	my exact train of thought.
###MFW WHEN YOU FORGOT TO SWITCH TO ONE OF YOUR INFINITE ALT ACCOUNTS TO COMMENT             newlinechar  newlinechar [](//#Carlton)	####MFW A) THIS WAS ON PURPOSE AND B) I DON'T HAVE ANY: [](/troll)
Thanks! Got it for free from my local glass shop a few months back along with the Wisper and unique bubbler in the front.	Sounds like a generous head shop
The difference with SRS is that they showcase how shitty other people are.	I'm not sure how that's relevant...
The looks I get at parties keeps me happy in life. Its a sort of open mouth blank stare of disgust.	A guy who has the balls to say that at a party.  newlinechar That's sexy
Clever, but that would require a) girlfriend or other female in my life b) the shame of buying lipstick. Just kidding, wouldn't that rub off if sheathed tho?	Also, many scenario/recball games will most likely NOT allow this item, for most ban any physical combat. 
ok. i gtg, ill reply when i get a summoner monk	Sounds good.
'Nobody would ever know, so it doesn't matter right?' I thought to myself. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 'Wrong. *I know*'	I'm no writer. I'm just bored.
Ur grandpa might not be up for this but weed helps alzheimers	I know it does! He's really old fashioned, he wouldn't even consider it.
I was just trying to think of a question to 'Ask Mom' about. 	Me too but I couldn't think of anything. I think I'll be doing more answering than asking here ;)
Scootaloo used Find Cutie Mark! newlinechar  newlinechar It had no effect...	[](/twipride) Nice.
Where's Fuck_Trapped_in_Reddit when you need him?	I don't know honestly. My coattails haven't been ridden by him much lately.
I nearly broke my monitor a few times throughout HL1.	I nearly burned down a local orphanage
They opened one up at South Station so now I can enjoy my hot chocolate and donut on the ride home	Oh, just rub it in, why don't you? Please tell me how delicious it was. :P
###WAIT YOU CAN'T BE ONE OF LOGICALLY_FLAWED'S NOVELTY ACCOUNTS, I'M ONE OF LOGICALLY_FLAWED'S NOVELTY ACCOUNTS!!!	####&gt;17 seconds ago. WE MUST BE LOGICALLY_FLAWED DRIVING ANOTHER SELF PROPELLED KARMA TRAIN!!!!
[Here you go!](http://imgur.com/a/wpHpL)	What a beautiful kitty! Thank you so much for posting pictures :)
That poor dog lol.	She's amazingly patient. But she loves it - the cat isn't pinning her down or anything. We have a bunch more videos exactly like this, haha.
That's Mr. Poseidons Salty Anus to you!	Then why are you still a freshman in high school, and thus need a note to get out of gym?  newlinechar  newlinechar Misters don't go to gym, little sirs do.
THE HISTORY CHANNEL!!!	Yeah, but they'd probably make him hunt ghosts or somethiWAIT A MINUTE, YOU'RE A GENIUS!
and often without genetic issues (like hip dyspepsia) 	Right on, although I think you mean hip dysplasia. :D
I'll look into it man for sure. It's just been something I've just got on with, but it feels like it'd be a major hindrance for whenever I go climbing next.	Dude I can only imagine how it would feel to climb with an ingrown toenail. I remember barely bumping mine into something and nearly doubling over in pain.
Not if you eat too much. 	&gt;almost guaranteed
They're ALL Totino's pizzas (and ALL classic pepperoni). I saved all the boxes for half a year. Four 5' columns later, had to throw 'em all away cuz I was moving.	You're seriously harming your body. Although I doubt someone who hoards garbage really cares. newlinechar  newlinechar Also - and this will get me downvotes cause it's mean but I don't care - you sicken me.
I put it on my ipod. 3 and half complete plays within 2 two weeks, mostly car trips.	PRO.
[](/facehoof)	[](/takealetter 'Yet you're alright with that thing I'm probably going to keep forgetting to do.')
A lot of people (me included) find them attractive. But why she bought some without lenses instead of fakes is beyond me...	he/she means they find glasses attractive not lens-less hipster glasses
### Mine is larger	**I LAUGH AT YOUR INFERIOR BOLDNESS**
I'm sure there are plenty of other areas of medicine that wouldn't require  them to breach their ethical standards. 	you're right; i was pretty much citing options for ER doctors. 
I really doubt he would ever go to TNA.  Much more likely he would pursue an acting career.	Acting?  Really?
So the 15th team will take a 3-4 day off period?	My brain dont work good sometimes
Presumably with your index finger. It's how most of us do it.	HOW CAN SHE SLAP?
*grumblegrumble*	It'll be okay mate. They don't look nearly as good in a big smoking pile of scrap.
Perfect set-up, but good guy Greg-ed yourself out of any satisfaction. Have an upvote in return. 	Well, I wouldn't say I didn't get any satisfaction out of it.  It was still amusing for the reverse psychology value.
That show made me so angry. The artwork and music were amazing. The concept was interesting and had awesome potential. The execution? Absolutely horrible. They could not have fucked it up worse than they did. It could have been amazing but it's like they were trying to kill it.	The entire time I couldn't help but feel they were trying to recreate code geass in some form, but failed miserably in their attempt. 
Dart Gun. Simple answer to Deathclaws and Reavers. Once their legs are crippled it's like dicking around with Mirelurk Hunters.	Or the Railway Rifle - great for limb damage.
So...you mean they upgraded to something that actually works? The sensors on MILES gear NEVER works.	Oh man, it works like a charm. And they usually give us instructors the 'god' gun. The God gun has many settings like 'cruise missile' and 'anti tank weapon'. Think super wide beam. Take out like ten plus students at once.
/r/spacedicks	I've heard about spacedicks. But i didn't think every second post would involve that face eating victim that i have purposely avoided seing pictures of, till now. I thought it would be naked guys. Not horror and gore. 
Pee Wee Herman here, plus blonde doctor from Scrubs.  I hate you guys. :)	I have the same birthday as Ganondorf!
He's lying. It's 50/50 style/fun.	Hah :D falafel I assume you are engie for IAAG... I think that is the tag :/
It'd be really funny if he actually tracked you down. 	Yes it would. Reddit's solved a few mysteries lately. Perhaps I should start posting misinformation. 
[*jkl;* **jkl;**](//#neodestiny)	[** ****](//#neodestiny)
Could you tell me what theme it is and how I get that text/backround? Im a huge marley fan and would LOVE to have it.	hey, just refer to the reply above! il post a picture of the wallpaper too!
[](/louder 'Your the one who made out with a pillow.')	[](/spitfire 'Soaren took the cake, I mean pie, though. He still has stiff wings after that!')
I have a testing kit myself.  It's supposed to turn dark purple to black but about 1/2 the time it's blue/yellow/orange/pink.  I don't think that any other drug is as consistently adulterated as ecstasy.	Yeah, I agree. But then you find that one guy with the brown sugar lookin' stuff, test it, and it's so black it starts smoking. And then he tells you it's 1750/oz :O
If it makes you feel any better doot, I thought it was funny.	...nothing makes me feel good anymore. newlinechar  newlinechar i mean... thanks, man!
You can get security updates, some of the other updates are disabled (IE8, possibly Silverlight, MSE and Windows Live Essentials)	This explains a lot. Good thing I don't really want/need any of that. Thank you. 
Well he's got the hanging leg part.	It does make me wonder what would happen. Like would his pelvis rotate up and his legs just dangle like noodles? Maybe he can time it right to get them swinging and kip some pullups like a *real* athlete.
Home is where you make it.	Dude likes to see homos naked...?
On the contrary, Bebop is my favorite anime, yet I cannot stand Champloo.  Different strokes and all that...	The soundtrack to SC seems to make or break it, depends on your tastes it seems. newlinechar  newlinechar That being said, I thought Nujabes fucking *made* that anime.
I found a signed one, on Ebay, in about 20 seconds.   newlinechar 	O.o newlinechar  newlinechar Goddamn ebay lying to me! 
Truth, although the SP's ergonomics left a lot to be desired.	Merely contemplating the GBA SP makes my fingers ache.
[](/lyra 'stitch me like one of your French plushies')	[](/ohcomeon 'WELL DO THEY?!' ) 'Do these looks like the hooves of... of.... *A Monster?!*'
[This was going to get fixed.....goddamnit I hate our governor](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Access_to_the_Region's_Core)	I was pissed about this too. Thank goodness I don't live in NJ anymore...
I sold 20k ce woot	Frakin' Aristocrats! newlinechar  newlinechar Stop the Gentrification of SK!!! newlinechar  newlinechar Occupy Kozma!
*Daedra	I can't be expected to be perfect at a fantasy language if I can't even properly learn Spanish...
All countries are connections between space and time. Countries are snapshots in time of geographical borders.  newlinechar  newlinechar When was Saddam Hussein born? newlinechar  newlinechar A. Sumer newlinechar  newlinechar B. Assyria newlinechar  newlinechar C. Babylon newlinechar  newlinechar D. Iraq	Mind. Blown.
What if i replaced all the blocks with gravel, huh? where would your anti-gravity be then, huh?	I'll just find a nearby sheep. You can easily get a few cubic meters of anti-gravity wool from them. If only it helped them to fly...
Well, if it's FOR_SCIENCE.... newlinechar  newlinechar I pushed him away and he spent the next half hour giggling madly to himself and repeating the phrases. newlinechar  newlinechar Sometimes I wonder why we're still dating.	I think the story itself either leads to 'Wow, he's really retarded' or 'That's so dorky it's awesome.' Glad to hear it's the latter. newlinechar  newlinechar Ah, what an absolutely *endearing* situation.  
i've seen an old chinese grandpa catching crickets and skewering them on a blade of wild grass so his grandson can feed them to the ducks in beacon hill park in late august.	Old chinese grandpas would know what's up. Thanks.
See what happens when you give in to hate?  It leads to suffering...	I was really hoping it'd lead to the dark side. I want to shoot lightning out of my fingertips, damnit.
Aww, spoilers, man. I still haven't finished Borderlands. Granted, the story isn't that important, but still. 	My apologies.  People I hate the most are ones who spoil endings :( newlinechar  newlinechar But you are right, I'm more worried about someone spoiling the Claptrap sayings from borderlands 2 than the story itself.
&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232; you couldn't wait for the BIG update before smashing hats together? control yourself man!	Got some good stuff though; All-Father, Spats, Team Captain and quite a few miscs that I was after. Always next time I suppose!
Is Champion that much better than Familiar? It seems like it takes more work to set up and is only amazing in maybe R/G with thatcher revolt, while Familiar is amazing in every green deck and is good on both defense and offense, late game and early game.	I would say Familiar over Champion, and I'm a staunch human player. Champion is great, like you said, if you can get a bunch of creatures out (and actually might not fare too badly in an elf/human deck), but otherwise it's generally helpless.
Can I have a few husbands? I mean, what's good for the gander. . . .	I edited main article :)
http://www.sourceaudio.net/products/hothand/	These are so fucking cool.
&gt;I don't even have a dog. newlinechar  newlinechar Then you should get one if you care that much for something you don't have!	Sadly, I cannot. I am in an apartment, i'm way too busy and gone all the time (which wouldn't be right for the dog), and i move too much. I have had one in the past and can't wait until i can have one again.
ugh i hate you	But...I love you.
It looks good on you!	haha, thanks! :)
Oh it's tight..... PIMPTIGHT!!!	haha...oh boy, I can only assume that's a bad thing. 
I was a poli sci major, but I did piss in the Hinsdales once.	a wondrous thing, those hinsdales.
Full-blown AIDS. From a South African prostitute.	He should try improvisational comedy more often.
Queen Elizabeth 2: Electric Boogalloo 	First Blood: 2nd Elizabeth
How do you take screenshots like that? Is it a program or is it windows?	I'm pretty sure that snipping tool on windows could do that. Just highlight the area of the picture 
It won't let me buy that house yet. Apparently something bad happened and it's not fixed. Any tips??	Ulfric offered it to me through the civil war questline. You might have to do the quest where you find out who the butcher is (very short, starts in windhelm graveyard), but jorleif lets you fix it up afterwards. newlinechar 
It's fucking great dude, you'll love it. newlinechar  newlinechar Oh and watch [Man on Fire](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M_UCVKRFHjM) while you wait (definitely *before* you play).	Just watched that last night.  Great movie.
He didn't decline any opportunity...Dunga just never called him up. 	That's because Dunga is stll butthurt about Ronaldinho embarrassing him all those years ago.  
Think of all the revenue that could be had taxing it as a legal product, like cigarettes. More money than taxing Amazon, I bet.	That's how I've always thought the case for legalization should be presented to state lawmakers.  You always hear about how much it costs the state to imprison and distracts law enforcement agencies from more serious crimes.  Show them some dollar signs.
So is there no moral quandary in supporting the meat industry?	Not for feeding an obligate carnivore there's not. Not to me anyways. If you have a problem with it you probably shouldn't get a cat
I probably would be. I don't understand the correlation. Why go to a gay bar if you don't like the idea of gay people? 	People can like gay people enough to go to a gay bar while still having shitty views about gay people.
Sure, I'd agree with that. As long as you agree with the idea that HFCS consumption needs to decrease significantly. 	Oh, absolutely. We need to decrease consumption because we eat way too much of it, not because it is inherently awful for you. I don't think anybody could argue that the amount of HFCS that the typical american consumes is healthy. 
You have far too much faith in the American justice system.	She stole 1.5 million from a school I can't believe she will get away with it. If I think about it to much I won't be able to sleep well tonight. Boils my blood thinking about it. 
Thing is, a bar full of women is a magnet for dudes. newlinechar  newlinechar Not that there's not ways around that problem.	Yeah but the atmosphere would be totally different. I know plenty of guys who go to gay bars solely because they know tons of straight women go. Same problem. But still I don't think it would be a 'problem' in the same way normal bars can present.
You're dad is fucking awesome FYI.	You don't even know 1/30th of it, my friend. 
I think it makes it that much more intense. newlinechar  newlinechar Builds anticipation for what Rika is going to say to him. newlinechar  newlinechar AND I CAN'T FUCKING WAIT FOR HIS REACTION WHEN RIKA GIVES HIM THE SCARF.	I think it's all in Sen's hands now. If he starts liking Ritsuko, she'll probably come back to her first love, but if he doesn't do anything, she'll go for Kaoru.
I talked to Yimmy via Gmail right after the Cleveland show. newlinechar He asked how to do it, set it up and stuff and I gave him a nice tutorial. Since then we've been mentioned on the show more and more!	I can hear it now - 'THIS FUCKING THING DOESN'T WORK.  WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH THIS.  REDDIT SUCKS BALLS.'
Tobias Funke, is that you?	Oh, Tobias, you blowhard!
Is it weird that I actually felt emotional over this?	Not at all. For me the nostalgic feeling definitely kicked in. It's a big reason why I still love playing the old pokemon games, takes me back to my childhood.
NOT MISFITS! I like the tax tokens (especially Arizona), as well as the WA transit token &amp; The Harrahs. You have an exonumia starter set going.	Here are a couple more: http://i.imgur.com/nzLPa.jpg
[Relevant](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=WAxdUGygqWo#t=86s)	It does seem that shame is about the only way to get people to change their behavior. newlinechar  newlinechar +1
if you can give me a rough idea where you live, I can go on craigslist and give you my personal picks. (I am a car dealer and valet, I can spot a good car from 100 miles away).	Austin, TX!
That building is the best in all of baseball.  I'll smack anybody who challenges the fact that it is. newlinechar  newlinechar Watching the team that stumbles around on it is Hell on Earth. newlinechar 	Hey man. We're .500 now, 3rd in the NL Central
Did you.....just refer to Thousand-Eyes-Restrict as....blinky?? newlinechar 	It was and is my favorite monster card. It has a thousand eyes. newlinechar  newlinechar Blinky it is.
No problem. I'm sad how unknown this amazing site is.	Ive been looking everywhere for one. Now i can delete the episodes from my computer!
And i am friends with obama and we go on cocaine binges weekly.	Now *this* I believe...
I had a friend in highschool who would Mahh like a sheep during sex so she could tell who actually liked her and who just wanted some tail.	hah wow..... clever ish but wow...
Here's my entry newlinechar  newlinechar [Pics](http://imgur.com/a/wnaXa) newlinechar  newlinechar [Download](http://filesmelt.com/dl/Reddit_May_Challenge_Ergo.SV6) newlinechar  newlinechar I think it turned out alright, I'm not the greatest with scenery.	I think literally every entry but mine had a steep cable-lift giga coaster. Was there a memo somewhere I missed?
[Wrong.](http://oxforddictionaries.com/definition/several?region=us&amp;q=several)	You are hilarious and correct. 
'Milk is for babies. When you grow up you have to drink beer.'  -Arnold	Why did I just read this in Arnold's voice? 
Also anyone on the phillies, haha.	wait, why the Phillies?
The picture probably isn't of you. No one gives a shit about you. Just keep walkin, dude.	If the picture isn't of me then he won't mind taking a second as soon as I'm out of shot. You're entitled to nothing. 
I'm not one of them but this confuses me: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Perhaps, instead of simply scoring every headkick, regardless of power, with full points, blocking can be introduced... newlinechar  newlinechar So is blocking not allowed??? That doesn't make any sense at all. 	The only techniques allowed that come into contact with another part of an opponent's body are kicks and punches (punches are only allowed to the body). newlinechar  newlinechar That's how it was last time I checked, I try to keep up with all the martial arts.
I showed him my tub of ON. I said it's mostly protein. He said 'yeah a lot of protein will make you fat.' newlinechar  newlinechar I should have added this, and that was the part that made me giggle inside. 	You should have taken the money plunge, opened the container, and then throwing the whole bottle of ON on top of him and tell him he is going to morph into a big piece of lard.
So fuck the minority of nonjews?	Yes
If god doesn't exist who wrote the bible?	People who were misinformed.
Iron Sky and Safe House has a 1080p pirate version. So yeah, you are right.	Iron Sky is already out on DVD so no surprises there.
Wait, what?	Scampi means shrimp in Italian, so it's redundant. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: scampi is really only used as 'shrimp' in Italian American cuisine: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scampi#Preparation_methods.
Making a wooden ATM would be cheaper, I'd think.	But what's the fun in that?
It sounds like it tastes amazing. I've had good ol' scramble eggs with sriracha and it's heaven. But then again, I eat almost everything with sriracha..	Sriracha is the god of condiments.
7-Zip?	Works great! thanks!
Up your butt.	hahaha i snort. thatd still fuck w my stomach though ha. i think i got what you were talking about correct....
Is this actually true? I'm pretty sure every time NASA puts up a launch video or one of their simulation videos, they are self promoting. 	I recall a comment made by someone in NASA PR regarding the Sagan Series videos, and how their hands are tied. A google research revealed this link, these rules appear to be oriented towards outsiders looking to use NASA but some may still apply.  newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.nasa.gov/audience/formedia/features/Advertising_Guidelines.html
Il just post up my winterboard settings! Let me get to a computer!	[Link to wallpaper plus setup](http://imgur.com/a/6F1WH) and i also used clock hide available on cydia
[Street Cleaning Simulator: The Simulationing](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dTcJBM2eEg)	*Jump up and bounce down...*
Yet arguably better fitting.	i agree its better fitting... but still love bowser
It's cool but it looks like a maternity sweater. Not on you! just how the stomach is shaped. Maybe im just high. I am. Anyway. I like it. uptokes. and shit.	It sort of does :)
oooooh, this has me interested - I get visuals with great difficulty, so any combo with specifically great visuals sounds appealing.	I imagine that's part of why you like 2CE too. It's fairly reliable in the visual department.
at least you have 5 friends	Oh yeah forgot this is Reddit I'm posting on.
that's awesome, treat me like shit? look your letters are now sealed completely in duct tape!	Absolutely brilliant idea and I'm stealing it! Now I just have to find a suitably inappropriate color of duct tape...
Fair enough, just remember to take the comments with a grain of salt. Or like, 50 grains of salt. 	I know, I know =/
Oh, they don't forget my friend. They never forget. Need proof, look at any argument with an woman, EVAR! They don't forget......they just hope you forget because we are men and they think we are simple.....but we don't forget.....not when it comes to the promise of sex.....we will never forget!	&gt; they just hope you forget because we are men and they think we are simple newlinechar  newlinechar This.  I've not met a single woman who doesn't assume that men are simple and pliable.
[](/b37) Okay... newlinechar  newlinechar  [](/c20) Couldn't resist the Rainbow/Lady Rainicorn correlation...	Oh was that Korean? I didnt notice. I thought you were using Chinese or something. 
I didn't even realize they made black jeans anymore 	Oh yes, they tend to pass for black pants.   newlinechar (and I *love* company dress-codes that specifically ban *blue* jeans)
I asked how you define it, not how the Greeks define it... 	He's just explaining why it's so difficult to do so.
I love the first Martell one! haha newlinechar  newlinechar I'm getting it tatooed on my palm with the words.	On your palm?
I have a vegetarian aunt who's up to her elbows in gore. She feeds them raw meat, bit eccentric, but the dogs are as healthy as can be. 	There is a fairly active movement for feeding dogs, especially large dogs, raw meat.  Along the lines of a paleo diet for pets, I guess.   Circle of life and what not.
Hitting enemies covered in milk by one of your scouts will also heal you.	Or a concherer, not that it's that common.
[_](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UohOsD4sd98)	cannot unsee
Looks like we've got another Canadian in the hizzle.	American public TV (PBS) carries it too (at least they used to...) newlinechar  newlinechar QUANDO OMNI FLUNKUS MORITATI
AT A TIME	[\[\]\(/spidey2\)](http://i.imgur.com/CFk6B.jpg)
####NICE TRY, RECONROSE!~~~	####NICE TRY, VIVALOCAAA!~~~
Any chance of you scanning in and uploading that handbook?	Ooooo...that is something that I very well could do.
Holy crap. People need to mind there own fuckin business! I think most parents have had a similar experience, but that's just nuts! I think I would have slapped her.	I was fuming...I try to set a good example for my kid but if she had said much more I would have.
I love your skin, lips, and eyes. Whats wrong wit your face? I think its stunning. Not ugly, quite attractive really. 	Im on mobile amd cant edit but i wanted to say you look a lot better with ur hair up imo
But is it really unrecyclable?	Nothing is 'un-recyclable', all things are atoms. It's just a matter of weather it's worth the effort.
I haven't seen it all the way yet, just some parts of it when it was on TV all the time a few years ago. Maybe I'll watch it tonight.	onions man.....onions ;_;
That is... Retarded.	I know it's not great but I thought it was alright. I mean, I had to remember and everything!
This isn't even registered, comes up as a 1999 suburban 	How do you check?
Do you want to drink someone else's piss, or have them drink yours?	The former, I have little interest in the latter, but if they wanted to I see no reason to object.
Exactly. Humans are magic.	Checkmate atheists.
*Rapey* murder, too...	Yes, please.
Prostitute/stripper	Robot hooker/Robot hooker repairman
You sir, deserve a medal. Or a doctor hooves plush or something worthy of your awesome kindness.	Naw. Anyone can do it. I just take it upon myself to make it happen is all.
'Cause a Communist party don't quit.  newlinechar  newlinechar Or you go to Siberia. 	been a while since I got a good new Gulag joke.  Thanks!
You can email Superintendant Edgar Schmidt directly at: edgar.schmidt@epsb.ca	I would, but these days that's a quick way to lose your job, and an anonymous voice doesn't mean much.
Trolls on /r/mylittlepony ? newlinechar  newlinechar Is that even possible?	HEY YOU! YOU DON'T AGREE WITH ME? YOU MUST BE A **TROLL**!  newlinechar  newlinechar ###DOWNVOTE
Awesome, the battery is charging! You were the only one to suggest this. Everyone else said I need a new battery.	Everyone else was wrong.
If [**these**](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-505145_162-37244388/25-universities-with-the-worst-graduation-rates/) shit holes can call themselves Universities, why not Reddit? newlinechar  newlinechar I bet Reddit's graduation rate is higher...	they are certified. 
The New England Journal of Medicine estimates the return on investment for wellness initiatives to be as high as $2.74. Health insurance companies (and self-funded employers) are using them now. So yeah, they have merit.	I'm just saying, people aren't obese because they *don't know* about healthy diet. I'm saying they know, and they supersize it anyway.  newlinechar  newlinechar Banning large sodas is wrong. Taxation makes more sense. 
Just watched that last night.  Great movie.	Max Payne 3 **is** basically Creasy: The Game.
Here are a couple more: http://i.imgur.com/nzLPa.jpg	You`re doing good!
obese sultan rapist newlinechar http://soundcloud.com/voiceimpersonator/obese-sultan-rapist	Deeper and more harsh.
Who on this subreddit isn't poke-savvy though?	There are people on Craigslist who aren't...
I love this, and definitely want one, but $30 for a t-shirt? Ouch. What do they think I am, a member of the Governing Body?	Right? That was my reaction also. My second was disappointment in that if you're a woman you can only get this in plus size.
Sounds like a generous head shop	Yeah, to be honest I probably go at least once a week! It's run by a guy who also blows [Mobius](http://mobiusglass.com/) Glass.
I'm just about to delete it. Yeah it just really sucks. Like, of course this happened to me. Fml. Thank you for this though. Nice to talk to people like you.	It's happened to me too actually. Not on Reddit, but another site. It all passed after around a week or so, but it's still scary and stuff.
i think it's kinda brave given that me and i'll assume most people judge fedora wearers pretty harshly. i can't help it.	Really? I think fedoras are fucking sexy.
so, german metal with a cello...fuck, i think i may have hit the jackpot	Subway to Sally does the same with the violin and some medieval instruments. In Extremo uses a lot of bagpipe and other weird stuff. Tanzwut is pretty similar, but even in this genre, they're a little... out there sometimes.
Oh was that Korean? I didnt notice. I thought you were using Chinese or something. 	Just a copy/paste from Google Translate. newlinechar  newlinechar Literally: 'This is in Korean!' newlinechar  newlinechar Betcha can't guess who my favorite character in Adventure Time is.
The IRS is very upfront about what they consider frivolous arguments, and has gone to the trouble of explaining why they are all bullshit. I'd check out the above link before filing anything creative.	And they cite court findings to back them up. TL;DR- you can say the federal government can't tax you or doesn't have jurisdiction to prosecute you, but you'll still end up in prison.
It was and is my favorite monster card. It has a thousand eyes. newlinechar  newlinechar Blinky it is.	I just thought I was the only one!
Yup, very true, but its origins are in the tropical climates!	This is true, but it's amazing we spread them so far (oh humans!) ^^
A chance to downvote Darkle? Can't pass that up!	You could downvote me every time I comment, you know. newlinechar  newlinechar I know of at least one user that does it when he sees my comment.
I did not. After realizing I had watched the last one first, I had no interest in the others because I didn't see how it was even and ending. 	they completely change things up every time. the first one is the best. all you know is that he doesn't die... duh
The old Rocket jumper had -100% damage resistance to everything, you were a flying piece of wet tissue paper.	Haha I see! Thanks for the explanation. 
Tomorrow? newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: this made sense when Beakerdan had 2012 as the year.	That's like, a year in internet days
I can hear it now - 'THIS FUCKING THING DOESN'T WORK.  WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH THIS.  REDDIT SUCKS BALLS.'	'What the fuck are me guesta's!? Fucking nerds!'
how funny would it be if cops actually showed up and demanded free lemonade?	If I were cop, that would be the first thing I'd do before starting my shift.
You mean to tell me Christy Hemme is not an expensive stripper?	She just forgot last week.
'WARRRRRRMMMMMM'	HAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHA!  newlinechar Oh my god. This made my day (it has been a very slow day).
Giselle will fight you	I will fight her.
They'd never reprint Dark Ritual in black, they took away the whole ritual thing from their flavor.	I've found that out since restarting MTG back in August '10.  Sucks but I can dream.
Along with the album art viewer when the phone thinks your holding it sideways in the music app.	That feature is absolutely archaic. It needs to be removed from the UI IMHO.
I fixed it, thanks. :)	No problem :)
How much do you plan on charging for them? I don't mind paying a little extra for transportation costs or whatever.	The magazine cost is 5.99, plus any charges Paypal has to stack on top. If you want me to post the physical issue that might be a little more.
just cut it up and throw that bitch into a valcano.	in my experience, vaporizers in particular work best with drier herb.
Good attempt. Thanks for putting in the effort. What switches are those? newlinechar  newlinechar Could you do another one without hammering the keys down? and just the typing? something like [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lELqpG5gwo), it's one of my go to triggers but I wished it was longer.	My switches are Cherry MX Brown, but I'd love to make you a video!
Next he will say there are no muslim terrorists LOLOLOLLOLOLOLOLLLLLLLLALALALALALALALALA	There's no terrorist atheist or terrorist of any belief , religion , ideal ? Should I bother my self responding to u ?
You didn't know the main main point behind Zippos' existence? Did you think they were there only to look cool (which they do)?	Yeah, I thought they were just higher quality lighters. I bought one but I didn't understand why it wouldn't light after a week of purchase... also didn't know you have to refill it or keep using it, or whatever. So.. I stopped using it.
I wish they were without armor at all.  Would make it easier to see team vs. team if they just matched their skins. 	No armour with wood swords?
'And I though they smelt bad...'	*pant... pant... pant...* newlinechar  newlinechar 'On the outside.'
give ergo proxy and texhnolyze a try	I second his opinion on ergo. Haven't seen the other though. 
&gt; If you are going to the meet up you will have your chance to give so many people that hug. newlinechar  newlinechar I know. I will be personally surprised if I don't burst into tears holding onto viwrastupr.	Even more reason to get the money to go. I would love to see that, I'd also give you a big hug of course mine can be dangerous haha. It would also be amazing to actually put a face to all the people from the sub. 
Absolutely brilliant idea and I'm stealing it! Now I just have to find a suitably inappropriate color of duct tape...	i shall allow you to use it to the fullest extent of your amusement. neon pink is a great choice.
... greater scott?	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLrE6CRVNw4
Conditioning and Natural Selection. Or the devil, if you prefer...	I prefer the devil. 
With the Multiplayer back up, go ahead and bump my review score to a solid 8.	Done and done!
I dont even know what that is. newlinechar 	it's a book which is kinda like your story. you may want to read it but as the other people said here, please seek professional help.
If you wrote that Fifty Shades of Grey bullshit, I fucking hate you.	If I wrote Fifty Shades Of Gray, I'd hate myself...although I'd have ten million more dollars to comfort myself with.
seriously, I watched 'Flight of the Conchords' so I fully understand how New Zealanders are oppressed by Australians, and I find the word 'kiwi' to be incredibly offensive.  Nothing you can say will change my mind!  BENNED!	Don't talk to me about Kiwis. newlinechar  newlinechar When a New Zealander emigrates to Australia, the average IQ of both countries drops. newlinechar  newlinechar 
Actually, Faebook is a social networking website for mythological creatures.	oh yeah. i forgot about that. newlinechar 
[Hash Running](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hash_House_Harriers)	Ha, I see.. I'll let the rapist part slide then
/r/mylittlepokemon	[](/rtwiright 'Should have known this existed.') [](/e28 'A pony subreddit for all things!')
Sounds like we need to make Reddit some sort of secret club or something, and have a cool password to identify Redditors with...  newlinechar  newlinechar /s	Hey guys, how about this super funny joke about narwhals and bacon. It's funny, really!
Baby don't hurt me	.. don't hurt me ..
take notice kind cannabis cadet, and educate yourself. purple weed is not more potent or better than normal weed, and is only purple because the plant experienced shock during its flower stage. this effect can be achieved through lower temperatures when growing. 	While this is partially correct, it's not ONLY purple because of shock. There are plenty of strains of cannabis that actually flower purple/blue/etc. Although this particular bud hasn't been fully cured so if cured properly it would be a bit duller.
He has been a programmer/tech guy for some time. He did not learn programming for this case.	He didn't learn to program for this case, but he did learn Java in particular. Made for a rather amusing moment a week or two ago when he called out Oracle's lawyers on the absurdity of one of their arguments regarding RangeCheck.
I could be wrong but it looks like the [NZXT H2.](http://www.nzxt.com/new/products/classic_series/h2)	This man is not wrong.
what else can you say when  yer teams back is pressed against the wall	Governor Fallin: refuses to meet President Obama when he comes to visit, but shows up to give Charles Barkley fried sheep balls.
We dont have Coyotes.....	They're called dingos
Nice try, O.J. Simpson...	aw my plan has been thwarted
but they don't bend the lighting they just create it 	Isn't that how firebending works? They just create fire from their body heat, right?
&gt; I had a friend that was on marijuanna for a long time newlinechar  newlinechar As a bit of a cannabis connoisseur myself, this made me laugh. Simply the wording of it. I would guess you've smoked three times at the most? Possibly never even once?	I had the same thought. Like when someone asks me how often I 'take marijuana'.
Did any family or friends recognize you from it?	Seeing as I took a picture and promptly posted to to Facebook going 'HEY, LOOK GUYS! I'M FAMOUS!' Yes, they did.
Fuck . . . [The lever!](http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://i3.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/004/077/Raisins_Face.jpg&amp;imgrefurl=http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/oh-crap-omg-rage-face&amp;h=591&amp;w=986&amp;sz=127&amp;tbnid=qhFnkvAtRH540M:&amp;tbnh=80&amp;tbnw=134&amp;zoom=1&amp;usg=__G28N78gEVl6rJLQ53QVOBF3RWV8=&amp;docid=jHMKB5M2oum2qM&amp;sa=X&amp;ei=5A3IT8qGJ4L40gGfgJ29Dw&amp;ved=0CF0Q9QEwAQ) newlinechar  newlinechar Thank you. I was twisting the cover, and never touched the lever. I fucking love this place. 	No problem man. I'm itching to know how it works..be sure and give us a heads-up! =]
http://cristgaming.com/pirate.swf	yes.
exactly, there is no more ogs, therefore, just illusion, no team tag.	Sorry, completely forgot ^.^ They just have that as their tags =(
I have a policy of not blowing things that I fail my religion check on. newlinechar  newlinechar *zing*	Retired cleric, accepts help from cleric of pelor and a paladin, hands them artifact horn of Orcus. newlinechar  newlinechar THIS IS LEGIT.
...Or you can just be a girl and get karma by posting good shit... without whoring out your body...	ehh boobs are more reliable. 
What was stopping you before?	A chronic case of procrastination
[** ****](//#neodestiny)	[*QSDF* **JKLM**](//#neodestiny)
How is this on front page if it only has 10 points? (No hate intended)	This is a small subreddit. Anything that doesn't have 0 votes makes the front page.
That looks like a really good one. [This is the one some of the guys on the fire department have](http://search.barnesandnoble.com/EMS-Field-Guide-Jon-Tardiff/e/9781890495305?r=1&amp;cm_mmc=GooglePLA-_-UsedTextbook-_-Q000000633-_-9781890495305&amp;cm_mmca2=pla) however it isn't as thorough of a hand book that the one you provided probably is.	Thanks for the reply. Also, I found out since that original post that [it is free to download](http://hesperian.org/books-and-resources/) on the Hesperian Foundation website along with some other books.
Really? It shits all over itself before I can even get the welcome screen to come up in ESXi5. 	Yep, ESXi 5 Build 702118.
also- if its sunny, say fuck drops and wear shades	Aviators are the shit.
I asked for NO SALT! I said NO SALT!	The ratio of people to cake is too big.
What if Donovan McNabb could play 60 minutes without throwing up? newlinechar  newlinechar *so close*	What if games could go into overtime?
Yep	My god man, is your girlfriend a sponge or a nun? newlinechar  newlinechar She seems awfully hol(e)y... newlinechar  newlinechar 
I agree this article just abruptly ends, but I thought it did a great job articulating two aspects of our economy that people should be infuriated about unless they are in the top 1 %.  Upvote.	it's an excerpt from his book, fyi.
At least you get summer like weather for more than 6 weeks! haha 	Actually, I don't like the weather. hahaha newlinechar  newlinechar It's FAR too dry for me. I have never acclimated to it. And it's really too fuckin' sunny. Take a break, sun, I'm sick of you making me squint all the time and stuff.
Uh, where did you find your ranking for C4 kills? I didn't know that was something that existed. 	Its a ranking for the accolade which is 'Most C4 Kills'.  Go into your barracks --&gt; accolades --&gt; find the correct accolade --&gt; hit A (xbox) --&gt; there you go newlinechar  newlinechar **edited**
Why did I just read this in Arnold's voice? 	I did that too! newlinechar On a side note, I smoke after I workout all the time.
...I swear I've already seen this today. 	On here?
I'd love to see it if you do!	[I gave it a shot](http://imgur.com/BAM2B)  not sure what I think. Yours definitely turned out better. ;)
Mic, if your computer turned into a potato, wat do?	Fuck it like the pictures people drew for him I would guess.
&gt;Diplomatic Immunity for rapists newlinechar  newlinechar Diplomatic immunity doesn't care what the crime is, it cares that arresting diplomats is a dangerous thing to do. Unless you enjoy wars and trade embargoes. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, what French diplomat was convicted of rape?	I think he means GRANTING diplomatic immunity to rapists.
Why Google?	B/c it doesn't seem to fit with MS or Safari.
http://www.d-e-f-i-n-i-t-e-l-y.com/  newlinechar  newlinechar ninja edit: maybe you meant defiantly, given the context. not sure.	We'll go with yes....
You would be surprised. I once played a game of wine pong. And let me tell you, if you play a game of wine pong, you're gonna have a bad time. 	Yep. Never play wine pong in a white shirt. Or ever. 
There were rumors of DD coming to Cali, but then it turned into they are only opening a couple on military bases. :(	Looks like you're joining the Army.  Priorities.
Spoon full of peanut butter :) unless your allergic to peanut butter...	And if you are allergic it cures your hiccups permanently. 
I think it was the 'lool' that got you all the downvotes.  I mentally pronounced it, and it was not very pleasing.	Yeah, damn. I was sure 'lool' was a karma landmine. Well, back to my basement for a few hours to plan my next comment.
Wait a second. newlinechar  newlinechar This guy posted the same link twice in two months with the same caption?	usually it's because it flopped the first time, but it got over 1100 points the first time.  Dude either has alzheimers or zero creativity
Stick with blonde, It is ridiculous for you to post in this subreddit, BUT I do understand it. Insecurities and such, this is all I'll say.	I wasn't sure whether to stay blonde or not and thank you for understanding. 
'List it wisn't in Niew Zilind iccints. 	Us kiwis don't have accents, its all you other buggers.
yes and how the security council is meant to stop wars from happening and how its used to start wars.	&gt;war is peace, ignorance is strength, freedom is slavery.  newlinechar  newlinechar George Orwell
We're definitely reading the feedback both here and on the forums. Won't fall on deaf ears (blind eyes?).	Anosmiac noses.
Why shouldn't the people who value it be the people who fund it? Likewise for economists.	I think it comes down to the fact that society itself must value certain things that certain individuals within that society do not. 
Is that indeed a 'cumdumpling'?	its a... er. 'long story'.
WHY THE FUCK ARENT THEY CHOCOLATE CHIP???!	WHERE IS MY MILK?!
Yes. The point is inflation doesn't just tax the currency. It taxes all other assets too, due to cap gains tax.	I agree with you, man.  But I know first hand that stock performance (with a well  balanced/ diversified portfolio) beats inflation easily.  Even lately.
4 day old repost	[Yup.](http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/u4xtf/worlds_first_live_lipdub_marriage_proposal/)
Sometimes friends make mistakes, he's not ugly, I LOVE HIM just the way he is!	Thats the spirit!!
Reminds me of the time we incinerated one with a blow torch outside the dorm in college during a beer-fueled all day Quake party.  I don't think it stopped complaining until it was nearly a puddle.	I rather enjoyed your choice of wording there instead of horrific death screams it simply 'complained' as it melted. Thanks for the laugh
their	thanks!
I heard him talking about orbital strike in an interview. It will be in the game, cost resources, have a cooldown (I think), and be customize-able to a degree (Smaller strike, lower cost/larger strike, high cost). I'm pretty sure it was in a community interview done pretty recently.	Thank you so much. I have been busy these past couple weeks. It is a very exciting time for all of us gamers..this could be .. 'the game'
How sporting of you Spy. newlinechar 	I find it to be an OP terrible weapon. Ambassador baby!
Ten minute hate up in here? ANDREWSMITH1986 IS A TOTAL FUCKWIT	Hey andrewsmith1986, try being a little bit better than worthless one of these days. 
A widely spread idea, image, or ideal?	I wouldn't consider it a meme until there's a ton of them everywhere. This won't last past today.
He's actually been doing it less often recently. He's been trying to get acting jobs in the USA and thinks that the American producers and public as a whole would judge him for it.	Unfortunately, I'm pretty sure America would.
Haha I thought the same thing. They just borked their syntax. Putin made the proposal, someone else thinks it must be stopped.	I think it should be rephrased to, newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin's proposal to hand the U.N. 'international control of the Internet' must be stopped
Flight of the Conchords.	Thanks! Which video?
How amazing would it be if they opened beta just before E3 so they could show off proper massive battles at the booth?	I'm losing my mind with anticipation, IT LOOKS SO GOOD.
And if Taken was a prequel to The Grey.	And If The Phantom Menace was a prequel to Taken.
Honestly, when Bran told him to stop 'Hodoring' I had a gigglefit.	Hodor chapter is required. I don't care what happens in the next 2 books if there is a Hodor chapter at some point.
Other chick had it coming... slamming the spitter down a deepthroat.	Yeah. It was payback. I don't usually go for degrading stuff, but goddamn, this is hot. 
OR........ Dad has studied the scriptures and thinks there is more to them, than the modern day church has let on. I think God is right and religion is wrong. 	It's not Christianity then  That's like the fundamental thing in the religion.   When you take that out it's some other religion you've based off of the bible, which isn't all that uncommon.
Awesome!  So, with the bleaching at by his left leg (the base of the tower), did you dab that as well or simply leave the spray? I ask due to the lack of contrast (more misty looking) than the parts more clearly defined.	It was all sprayed, I just sprayed more lightly on the side facing the tower so as not to make it too bright when I overlaid the tower stencil and sprayed over it again.
Jesus. Upvote.	She can't cry if I'm fucking her in the skull hole cuz she's dead. I'm working within the constraints of the joke.
free.bridal-shower-themes.com?	Best theme they offer.
On here?	Yeah, totally. Some guy even commented 'wait, shouldn't it be 360%?' Lemme see if I can find it...
And creepy girl of the year award goes to: *drumroll* compengineerbarbie	Come on, man. She O N L Y wants to smell him.
Just curious, why not get knee replacements?	She's too young. They refuse to do it because they'd have do it again later. So basically, ' lol suffer'
All jokes aside I seriously have those marker-pens	All jokes aside, I spent the last 10mins clicking on links trying to find the fucking end of that.
now I'm confused.	Boba Fett was a pretty badass bounty hunter. So was his father. Not sure what's not to get here.
In other news, if it rains tomorrow we'll get wet. If it doesn't, we'll stay dry.	This game is either going to be a blowout, close, or somewhere in between. It may go into overtime, but then again, it may not.
Glad to hear I wasn't the only redditor to go for the grab at least!	I needed a chipwich anyway.  Still though, disappointing.
[](/spitfire 'Soaren took the cake, I mean pie, though. He still has stiff wings after that!')	[](/rrdsitting 'This time we drink until we pass out.')
See this^ You see that? That's /r/halo for you. -3 points for a more than reasonable call on Halo 4's multiplayer. But four *very* intelligent and respectable members of this page decided to downvote me because...why? Well, actually I have no fucking clue. Enlighten me.	It happens bro. Anything that actually makes sense on here is downvoted, while anything that is blindly praising the game is upvoted.
How is it good for sneak training?	Sneak punch the greybeards. Just stay sneaking by one while he's sleeping and punch him as soon as you're hidden. He won't attack and you won't get a bounty, all that happens is your sneak goes up.
This was also what inspired me to buy WoW.  I bought the game out of pure curiosity, but ended up getting hooked and playing on and off for the last six years.	In retrospect, I think I started because I wanted to kill the 'bad guy' one day too.
[Here you go](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEsEQyTDCIc)	Jealous! :/ and I saw the collection at best buy for like 100 something!! why didnt I get it! That's when I barely gotten skyrim and want to see what the big deal about..
it's an excerpt from his book, fyi.	That explains it. Upvote. 
Fuck it like the pictures people drew for him I would guess.	^This guy hit the nail on the head.
This is not the place for that.	/r/ImGoingToHellForThis
[](/fluttershy 'Theres.... nothing wrong with stating facts...')	[](/b00 'But pride is a dangerous road. Full of... danger...') 
It is literally unbelievable fun. I started 4 weeks ago, it hasn't gotten old, and if you want the most realistic zombie apocalypse game basically ever released, get this. I'm serious, get it as soon as you can. 	just got home, buying that shit now friend! :D i need some friends to play with though :3 newlinechar  newlinechar edit: $30 to get it but i'm super excited. 15gig download :/ 
check your PM	Thank You!
Sorry but Hulk is nowhere near Deco. The dude gave you a Champions League. 	Also, Mourinho...
Got some good stuff though; All-Father, Spats, Team Captain and quite a few miscs that I was after. Always next time I suppose!	oh wow nice! i don't wanna do the math @_@ did you make a profit?
Is there a link to your page?	For sure!  [This](http://www.youtube.com/bsblade17) is a link to my page.  Soldier On, Tiger Mountain Peasant Song, Vaporize and Skinny Love gained the most attention.  
It's infuriating me that I can't scroll down quick enough to read the last caption.	http://i.imgur.com/hs0MA.png
Nothing is 'un-recyclable', all things are atoms. It's just a matter of weather it's worth the effort.	&gt;weather newlinechar  newlinechar Talking about atoms and seemed somewhat intelligent then mix up weather and whether... Disappointed.
Just a copy/paste from Google Translate. newlinechar  newlinechar Literally: 'This is in Korean!' newlinechar  newlinechar Betcha can't guess who my favorite character in Adventure Time is.	Id have to say Rainacorn. Jake is cooler though. He is the Pinkie Pie of their world.
Was it chalk or paper?	Looks like tape.
Don't talk to me about Kiwis. newlinechar  newlinechar When a New Zealander emigrates to Australia, the average IQ of both countries drops. newlinechar  newlinechar 	How... How does that even...
Are you 4realz 4realz gonna do it?	Yes. Because it seems interesting, and I like heavy singles and shit. Will do program report. 
Boons and Conditions is giving out 20 keys. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.gw2bnc.com/2012/05/bwe-key-giveaway-day-1/	Yup, already there! :)
Party Down	Party Down definitely! The fact that shows like this and Arrested Development, which have amazing writing, get canceled makes me lose faith in humanity. Not really, but still a bummer. 
Breaking a keyboard/monitor is a common karma generator found throughout Reddit. *No one actually breaks anything*.	I know. I'm just tired of posts like his garnering karma for something that clearly didn't happen at all. 
Ok but you know that halibut is delicious and expensive though right? I'm gonna bet these guys are going eat/freeze or give it away to friends. So although its considered 'sport' fishing the meat is still being eaten and not wasted	Til some people are willing to eat meat but have no concept of/get preachy about how it's created.
Woah. 435 marklars! You guys are all my bros. 	V newlinechar V newlinechar V newlinechar  newlinechar 'Woah. 435 marklars! You marklars are all my marklars.' newlinechar  newlinechar There you go.
I agree with you, but I believe that the manner in which the presentation was given was in a bad light	Why's that?
With a 0% graduation rate, I'd say whatever certification they have is worthless.	I agree, but you can't get a degree from reddit. So finding a job requiring one would be impossible. 
Yeah but the atmosphere would be totally different. I know plenty of guys who go to gay bars solely because they know tons of straight women go. Same problem. But still I don't think it would be a 'problem' in the same way normal bars can present.	Frankly the reason I think there's less of a creepy atmosphere in gay bars is because they scare homophobic people away and the two things often go hand in hand.
New phrase: worth its Bits in Gold. Did I do good?	Maybe settle with kilo... there's A LOT of bits dude...
Yes, SAB does download the target files from my provider via ssl, as I have it configured. However, the nzb file from the indexer is apparently exposed when Sickbeard grabs it and passes it on to SAB. This is my concern.	Thats what I thought. Given the nature of the NZB file and size, I really doubt that will raise any red flags.
It's really quite simple.  newlinechar  newlinechar Creationists don't fully comprehend the scale of time that evolution requires.	Nor do they understand the difference between a hypothesis and a theory. Not that they will ever try.
Yeah I'm feeling this!	And I totally agree with the running thing too I run ~4 miles a couple times a week and if I rip the bong before that, and have good jams pumpin in my headphones, I'll kick my ass on that run. Great feeling.
No problem :)	[Oh you two! :\)](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-Is9vrRT7kIs/T7lAtT8y9cI/AAAAAAAAD9I/69p_4wgqtpU/s1600/oh-you-show.jpg)
Dealing's a business, not a friendship. 	doesnt mean your dealer cant be a friend. I love going to my dealers place even if im not picking up
because it's absolutely freaking ridiculous that games against teams you aren't competing against to make the playoffs count in whether or not you make the playoffs.	No it's not. Every other sport has inter-conference games. 
Penis envies?	How'd you know ;)
http://i.imgur.com/0ELZG.jpg	HIMZ IS CUTE!
[You might get better pictures if you put a sheet of paper over the LEDs so they project onto it.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U1t9usUr9ns)	That is a good idea, I'll try that.
Acting?  Really?	What I think he would be good at doing and what he thinks he would be good at doing are different things
or scrubs?	Hes WhiteWashed though
You should do an AMA.	Goddamnit.
But reading books leaves him confused.	It left him with very good grammar as well ('You help...').
No video. newlinechar  newlinechar This image is very, VERY old, and was constantly posted on /v/ for years and years now.	Ohhhhh, ok.
Who knew blocks of cheese were so smart..	http://www.albinoblacksheep.com/flash/cheese
YES!  Love it!  This perfect line is why I don't like the epilogue - I felt like the feeling that the real ending left us with was so perfect and succinct!	The last line of the proper series
i'm more impressed that he started with a toy soldier, then traded until he got tickets to disneyland.	It was probably one of those limited edition still in box GI JOE action figures worth $5k.
Man I hate orange monsters... I just don't get it. They seem like clown clocks to me.  newlinechar  newlinechar I said clocks because it had a better ring to it. 	haha i thought so too when i first saw them. Then i bought one. Im wearing it as I type this. Pictures really don't do it justice, as they say. It gets tons of compliments, feels nice and solid. It's a great watch.
[Extremely relevant](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JoRQEQUi9NM)	Slow down there cowboy, I mean that's *kind* of relevant but not extreme. Gee whiz.
Old video is old.	it was just uploaded by wizards so i assumed it was new, my mistake.
Didn't know you were a redditor, Melisandre.	For the vagina is dark and full of Stannis.
Why hello there friend!	Howdy!  Who's your favorite pony?
His name *is* EmoDarkness	How teenage-angsty sounding of a name for a thread that is trying to argue the opposite...
Pretty elitist, and definitely not true.	elitist to think the people that actually give a shit about hon enough to join reddit are less likely to be problems than people who just log on their free accounts and rage nonstop?  yea man that is some elitist bullshit, i will go back to my ivory tower
Good for you for graduating and getting tough the though times. And congrats on getting into LTI	Erm...I actually haven't been accepted yet, BUT I expect they will...someday....
You should be proud of your position.  Did you know its one of 2 English words with three double letters in a row?  That's pretty kick ass.	What's the other?
You're not wrong. Guy's a douche. Drop all contact.	Yeah, I guess I just wanted outside confirmation. I'm just flabbergasted at how... clumsy the whole thing was.
Us kiwis don't have accents, its all you other buggers.	As a New Jerseyan who watched Flight of the Conchords, I agree wholeheartedly.
skip 2 lines instead of one  newlinechar  newlinechar like newlinechar  newlinechar this	Thank you helpful stranger! :D
I heard they start around July. Or have you heard any recently? newlinechar 	I hear them at Sunriver in Sooke all the time.
HEY GUYS ME TOO I HAVE TO FIX THIS LITTLE 'PROBLEM' AND I WILL BRING CAKE	OKAY, BUT ONLY IF IT LO-CAL BCZ I NO WANT 2 GET FAT BCZ THEN BOTH MY GFS N BFS WILL LEAVE ME.
Naw. Anyone can do it. I just take it upon myself to make it happen is all.	Someday dude, it's gonna come back around and something incredibly nice will happen to you. And all of /r/mylittlepony will want to know when it happens, in fact all will want to be involved.
First Blood: 2nd Elizabeth	Queen Elizabeth II: Harder, Faster, Stronger
Let's be blunt about it, those scientists probably don't have an ounce of patience when it comes to dealing with stoned people after the gym.	It has been linked to swollen joints, but the best way to treat that is to just roll them thinner...
I saw the black and thought, 'Wow, that's a REALLY cheap ounce'. Then I realized that it was water.	I buy all my pot on the great lakes.
I've been everywhere from London, ON to St. John's, NL in the past few years and never came across it. [Considering it's owned by a company from Mississauga](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RC_Cola) you'd think I'd have found it somewhere.	Did you go on a cross-country search for cola? though its worth it for RC.  newlinechar  newlinechar I live in NY and see it all over the place. 
Esta bien guapo y eso obviamente se traduce en alta habilidad para tomar las riendas de una nacion	Y ella usa auto-tune, eso significa que canta como los angeles
[](/raritydaww) Fluttershy: The world's most adorable flashlight.	Just FLASHlight? [](/manspike)
hey, just refer to the reply above! il post a picture of the wallpaper too!	Thanks so much man, Really glad to finally get a solid awesome looking lockscreen; Not to be noob but can you tell me how to change the lockscreen background that windows lock gives me as default?
Well it's either 400 credits or 25 free xp! 	ewwww gold to credit conversion
I think he means if you really like the pipe, he will try to make more like it. As in, he's a glass blower and looking for ideas for pipes.	More power to anyone who can create these wonderful works of art. I'd love to see what other people can come up with and would be flattered if my piece inspired them. 
But what if he plays D3? D: No enchantment for you...	D3? 73 int,  24 dex, 95 str, 5% chance to knock up your girlfriend. 
&gt;Honestly? I didn't even ban them. newlinechar  newlinechar Then, why the fuck are you a moderator?	Mostly because of his 'fame' around here.
Not always true. I've always wanted my mom around and always will. Even when I was an awkward emo teenager she was my best friend.	And that, my friend, makes you a super cool kid! ;)
Oh! Oh! Play 'Pete's Little Tiny Erect Dick!'	There's something overly satisfying about grown men singing 'Pete's little tiny erect dick. It's a quarter tall and a penny thick. If it were a blow pop, you'd only get one lick.'
Lol, here's mine. http://i.imgur.com/GJZuE.jpg I'm hardly any braver...	You uninstalled it?
clearly this didn't actually happen since only republicans introduce race into the debate. democrats would never do that.	nor would the Dems throw in gender. The term 'War on Woman' is another example of republican's trolling for votes. /s 
You mean Cliff Burton..	Wow, that's embarrassing.
wtf dude look at the 7th picture on the left	That model of watch was used by terrorists and if you wear it on a flight you will get a 'random' search done, because it is something they look for.
You have an army? We have a Hulk.	He's not incredible though.
Its a ranking for the accolade which is 'Most C4 Kills'.  Go into your barracks --&gt; accolades --&gt; find the correct accolade --&gt; hit A (xbox) --&gt; there you go newlinechar  newlinechar **edited**	Oh okay. I knew of the accolades I just did not know it was possible to select it and then view the ranking. Thanks. 
And then if he gets angry just accuse him of not supporting the troops.	*911*
If you ask a lot of people in music they'd say that chillwave is dead. we're just trying to label similar music.	It's not that chillwave is dead, it's that it was named before anyone really knew what it was.  It's still growing and changing, but people like to think that 'chillwave is dead, now it's all about [blank].'  It's really just turning into something different.
0% APR- Does this mean that if you do have unpaid dues on the card, you don't get charged interest?	Yep. Unfortunately, my APR is currently at %12.99 percent on that card now, so I'm pretty careful to pay off in full every month. Still, it was a great card to have for a year while I was trying to get a handle on my finances. 
Always bring a banana to a party.	I think I just invented the banana daiquiri a couple of centuries early.
This is true, but it's amazing we spread them so far (oh humans!) ^^	Just ask anyone where they think potatoes came from!   newlinechar  newlinechar Sure wasn't Ireland.
'Tell me you love me.  You don't have to mean it.' newlinechar  newlinechar First time having sex.  I finished the job anyway.	Good man.
Is that a BMW Isetta? newlinechar 	Why yes, yes it is.
I hate bacon.	It's been 21 minutes with no down votes. Is this post buried enough to avoid the rage of the hive-mind?
Or you can just let him do his own thing and not worry about it. 	I get that, I really do. But I would like to see games becoming an us activity, outside of the hiking, biking, outdoorsy stuff we do...
It's a weapon whose initial intent was for practicing rocket jumping. newlinechar  newlinechar You would think that new players are the ones who need it the most, no?	There are also jump Maps for rocket jumping practice...Don't Push tf2 into the p2w category.
 *Tobuscus's voice * It's a safety torch!	PUT IT ON YOUR PORCH!
I would say Superbad, but everyone already did, so im going to say one thats kind of out there: 21 Jump Street did a good job at getting modern high school down.	Yeah I loved the satire of how the high school has changed into the nerds being cool. It's true, high school is a much less harsh place than it used to be.
the doctor would probably argue that giving emergency contraception is killing one person to save zero.	Not necessarily, maternal mortality in this country is low but it's definitely not zero. 
I took this picture today, so unless someone stole my phone, posted the picture, and beat me to the punch, I'm sure you have the wrong photo. 	Somebody else needs to grow up...
I would never smoke anything that I didn't earn myself... Or gifted from a fellow BOTL. 	Douchy_McFucknugget is a class act
fucking shisnos, man...	Hey, who you calling a Shisno?
You cant really just 'take a break' everytime that happens when your a pro though	by taking a break i mean walk away from the game for an hour or two.
from the 1850s to the 1940s.	whoosh...
Look for it in the app store. Not kidding 	Oh I thought you were just being pretentious.
How... How does that even...	Think about it ...
Dutch rudder?	Depends on whether I'm steering or being steered.
Someday dude, it's gonna come back around and something incredibly nice will happen to you. And all of /r/mylittlepony will want to know when it happens, in fact all will want to be involved.	Eh I doubt it will happen and if it does...I may just share it with everpony! Whats better than getting a gift? Sharing it!
Protip: Buy a 3DS, then you can participate in events *and* be prepared for the 6th generation/RS remakes	Once I get a job, that's my first order of business.
[http://i.imgur.com/mEquI.jpg](http://i.imgur.com/mEquI.jpg)	[SPAAAAAACCCE](http://www.portal2sounds.com/sound.php?id=298&amp;stream)
FLIPPER FETUSES IN JAR? newlinechar  newlinechar WHERE DO I GET ONE SINCE YOU'RE KEEPING LATT'S?	I'LL GIVE YOU MY NEXT ONE IN ABOUT 9 MONTHS.
The chin hairs are something even girls without trich pull, I think.	Well, it's gotten to the point where I dig at it and cause some nasty scars =\
Nah, what the OP is likely talking about is the people at Trinity Animation in Kansas City (more accurately, Lee's Summit, MO). They model all the backgrounds in 3D, which our background team here in Atlanta later paints an textures in photoshop. 	yup, that is exactly who i'm talking about!
[](/twipride 'That would make a good letter to the Princess.')	[](/a05 'Aw shucks, you don't have to say that. I'm not good at letters, but I do enjoy speaking about what I love... And it just so happens gaming is one of those things.') 
Gonna need a pretty long extension cord, eh?	[They are finger lights](http://www.amazon.com/40-Super-Bright-Finger-Flashlights/dp/B0018LAGZY)
That's likely true.  Still, no matter what the reason is, it's still wrong. newlinechar  newlinechar It's also my view that we should hate climate change at least as much as climate 'skeptics' hate those who hate it :)	Oh yeah, skepticism about global climate change is ridiculously poorly supported. 
Yeah, totally. Some guy even commented 'wait, shouldn't it be 360%?' Lemme see if I can find it...	Damn, I usually try to do a thorough repost check before posting.
Actually the reset button is in the rectum. But it's one of those annoying recessed buttons that you need to use a really skinny pen to press. Terrible engineering, IMO.	How long do you have to hold it in for?
Nor do they understand the difference between a hypothesis and a theory. Not that they will ever try.	The theory thing too. It pisses me off to no end seeing its rampant misuse in /r/pokemonconspiracies.
They're called dingos	Exactly. Mind you, it is more related to a Grey Wolf than a Coyote, but same subfamily. 
[](/rrdsitting 'This time we drink until we pass out.')	*The Next Day!* newlinechar  newlinechar [](/spitfire 'Uh, my head... And why does my mouth taste like... Apple Pie?')
I've got pretty small hands (although wide palms) and I've never been bit by the LCP. Now my partner's old Sig 230, *that* bit the shit out of me once. 	Interesting. The P230 is quite larger than the LCP isn't it? Not full size, but still compact if I remember correctly.
We are *not* calling our go-kart The Mauve Avenger.	I can't believe we called our go-kart The Mauve Avenger.
Ozai and Ursa were never cousins. newlinechar  newlinechar http://avatar.wikia.com/wiki/Fire_Nation_Royal_Family#Royal_Family_tree newlinechar 	Second cousins. The ??? next to Sozin was Ta Min's sister. See book 3, episode 6, wherein Roku and Sozin marry sisters.
UG's watch of + 3 classiness.	only + 3? newlinechar 
[Hello I am from the internet.](http://ih2.redbubble.net/work.4718433.1.flat,550x550,075,f.the-flying-llama-dude.jpg)	What if we kept the thread alive with llamas and these pictures that strove to end it? What if you simply morph the thread to llamas? What if LLAMA!
Roberto Luongo is a pretty elite-level goalie. Based on the numbers he's put up so far, it's actually not unreasonable to think that he could continue to play at a high level into his early 40s. His numbers in his early 30s do compare very favourably to Brodeur's, for example.	Not to mention that the 5.3 million cap hit is *probably* going to seem rather negligible in 5-10 years. It's already pretty average compared to what some other goaltenders are making.
*high-five*	I just watched that a few weeks ago for the first time.
not wtf, but it was definitely funnier than anything else I've seen on reddit all day	/r/wtf is now /r/funny and /r/funny is now /r/antirepostcirclejerk 
[\[\]\(/spidey2\)](http://i.imgur.com/CFk6B.jpg)	[Nope,](http://b.thumbs.redditmedia.com/Vxm1zWOFEkWjNz8C.jpg) that'd be like 9 or so. 
Actually I was talking about the one ragnarofl posted. But I've read the one you posted and it was also great- I reccomend both! 	Oh, my bad. I assumed that you were referring to mine because that one was actually in a 'script' format. newlinechar  newlinechar But yes, everyone should read both.
10 inches ain't that bad, dude.	No, you should be XX. Which, in my case, 99.
'Arry?	Tigres!! You know what's up!!
http://www.newsextube.org/latin_teen_sis._want_to_fuck_495805_hardsextube.html newlinechar  newlinechar Here we go. Took me long to find it.	You're a beautiful person, you know that?
Hes WhiteWashed though	scrubs or windu?
* Attempt to ford the ~~river~~ sidewalk	The bike tipped over while floating! You lost: newlinechar  newlinechar * 1 tube newlinechar  newlinechar * 2 CO2 cartridges
I just assumed you didn't want to bother checking.	Well git is currently fucking me up and I can't switch branches correctly.
I said softer but what I really want is quicker.  The blues seem a little bit too sharp and make it hard to double tap a key.  Spamming just feels a little too forced if that makes sense.	I'd recommend getting to try out one of each kind if at all possible. There is also a guide around here someone may be able to link to that gives you all the info you could ever want. May possibly narrow down your search. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit:[Found it.](http://www.overclock.net/t/491752/mechanical-keyboard-guide)
The peak of her career. 	when the kid turned around and the back of his head was blown off I got that feeling like I was submerged in warm water, anyone know that feeling?
Among those 800 things: If you are from the South/even a millimeter over to the Right of the political spectrum/enjoy country music/even an ounce religious/From Texas and unashamed/An American and unashamed/Support the military	They'll learn that the fastest way to a woman's heart is through country music soon enough.
I need to look up lexicon. 	[*Lexikon biblion* meant 'book of words' in ancient Greek.](http://www.etymonline.com/index.php?term=lexicon) It technically still means 'a dictionary,' but the connotation when used commonly is of a personal mental dictionary, i.e. one's vocabulary. 
You uninstalled it?	Well, not then and there. I installed an SSD and wiped my old hard drive a few months back haha.
24 and already starting to feel the age. growing up sucks 	39 and shut up.
Or [Texan Book of the Dead](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOorzEstCjw) by Clutch	You just put a smile on my face. Clutch is my favorite band, but I didn't think they fit into a 'popular songs of the early 90s' category since they aren't popular at all. PS [Live is better :)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NuTB1GSt15o&amp;ob=av3e)
and purple drank	an fide chikin!
This is not a controversial opinion	To you. I live in Utah, and have been hit for saying as much....
Ah, I was un-aware of this new game mode.	yeah it's pretty cool
Definitely 3. Looks balanced.	Thanks. I think I'll be sticking with 3 or modifying it to be a little more vertically oriented.
I would rather watch a huge fucking spider fight a guy on bath salts.	We can do it all, we just need to get a boat and head to international waters where all this shit is legal. Or Mexico.
That's too bad; he definitely had a shot. ^^too ^^far ^^now?	Nah, I heard his fans were killing him. ^We ^have ^to ^go ^farther!
Their junior prom...	_
The only techniques allowed that come into contact with another part of an opponent's body are kicks and punches (punches are only allowed to the body). newlinechar  newlinechar That's how it was last time I checked, I try to keep up with all the martial arts.	Riiight but that doesn't really answer my question. Blocking couldn't possibly be disallowed.
Redditor poses an elastic band comes up with pun for karma then posts about himself posing the elastic band for more sweet karma.	Now we're talkin.
I'm sitting next to Fielder's second cousin in class. She has the same body type. (Being completely serious and not racist.)	How do you know that she is?
Just to clarify, what do you mean by accuracy percentage? newlinechar  newlinechar Because you can't be talking about completions/attempts, since 66.8 isn't bad.	Accuracy percentage is completion percentage without drops, throwaways, spikes etc...
One reason why I love this show. It is (relatively) down to Earth.	Couldn't agree more. Instead of having a boring old 'You can be the best if you train real hard!' (which is true but is always super exaggerated on kid's TV) moral, we got 'Every bit, no matter how insignificant it may seem, counts to the greater importance', and that's beautiful.
A chronic case of procrastination	You mean a chronic case of reddit, don't you?
Also, when one grates cheese, it falls through the grater onto the other side. In this case, the computer would be full of cheese. Please, don't try this. Or do, just take pictures.	Yeah I realize I left that part out.
What's the other?	Bookkeepers
A PhD is not worth it financially. That is NOT why people get one. Note: I am a PhD student.	For somebody with a psychology degree it most certainly is :) also a PhD student.
Recipe for a global trade war. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Unfortunately.	Recipe for a global hissy-fit about people's opinions of pieces of paper, shiny rocks, and seashells. newlinechar  newlinechar Capitalism is not a zero-sum game. The world is.
&gt; I still like other games and their structure, but I'm amazed at how this game makes other MMOs out there look like 2d, linearized, platform games. newlinechar  newlinechar Simon Says move out of the fire.	Well, Eve has [its own version](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-kGGW0UlPA&amp;feature=related).
US federal holiday.	I can't believe I didn't realize it.
Wow, you've lost 170 pounds so far??  Nicely done!!  Keep up the good work!	Around that yes:)
Pioneer; Bluecoats here :-)	What instrument did you march?
Bravo OP, bravo.	Not sure if you upvoted because of hipster joke or you feel like you can relate on a certain level, Mr Dahmer....
he's really fucking lucky he had insurance. 	It was probably all the 'Likes' he got on his facebook page that paid for it all. 
It's also a great appetite suppressor! Not sure if that's a result of the fluid intake or its natural properties...	Really? I find that it if I have a cup of coffee in the morning I am *much* hungrier by lunchtime than when I don't.
[*Theists who kill do so because of their religion. Atheists who kill do so because they're bad people*](//#atheism)	[*I refute all evidence that contradicts my belief that atheists can commit atrocities, because it is necessary to destroy the catastrophic grip of faith.*](//#atheism)
I agree, but you can't get a degree from reddit. So finding a job requiring one would be impossible. 	Your point is valid.  I cede. newlinechar  newlinechar I just really love Reddit.  =)
&gt; We give Chinese companies huge subsidies to export their products to the US  newlinechar  newlinechar This is completely untrue.	It is not a direct subsidy, but a subsidy nonetheless.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar [Here](http://www.tradereform.org/2012/02/chinas-stealth-export-subsidies-being-raised/) is an explanation.   newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: [This article](http://www.tax-news.com/news/US_Criticizes_Chinas_VAT_Policy____42576.html) talks about the controversy this has caused.
Do you work with other people? Also, I noticed that the things you're typing seem very telegraphic. Not trying to make an internet diagnosis, but have you been tested for Asperger's?	I have never been tested but I am familiar with it.  That would actually explain a lot of things from my childhood on.  Without telling my life story, I would say that I have a mountain of circumstancial evidence that would confirm that diagnosis.
Terraria, i play it when i feel like giving up on gaming.	Such a good game.  Terraria was what I moved to when Minecraft started getting dull, and it did not disappoint.  
Damage Done from Dark Tranquility is one of the first death metal albums I heard, and is still among my favorite to listen to all the way through. The rest of their albums never fully did it for me, but Damage Done was great. 	Damage Done is excellent, but for me The Gallery takes the cake.  Its the only one that truly nails that old Melodeath atmosphere I love.
At Subway the official job title is 'sandwich artist.'	My sandwiches come out looking like abstract art.
Ha,  newlinechar I noticed that.  But, I liked it so much since I, too, have an upstanding gut.   ;-) 	Too many guts in my life have been low-hanging...
Bummer, dude. Have you tried shopping for other teams or jumping on the 'B team' bandwagon?	Not a whole lot.  I don't have the personality to think I deserve any place on any team.
&gt;Brenton Chose isn't 6-foot-2, he's never served as a military policeman in Jamaica, **and he definitely isn't black**. But he feels he's the right man for the job, as a downtown Portland park ranger. newlinechar  newlinechar Uhh, what the fuck?	read on just a lil further. He is compared to another city's park security force. Still sort of and odd comparison though..
haha  funny I have a similar picture from last summer. Kindred spirits are ment to meet. :)   http://i.imgur.com/h2teK.jpg    	Great picture!
It's /r/baseball. Go to /r/mlb and enjoy the silence.	Thank you! Have an up vote!
Is it just me or is this song basically plagiarized off 'Home' by Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeroes? 	Everything in music has already been done by someone else.  newlinechar  newlinechar -Abraham Lincoln
Its the one where they have to buy and insure a car for a given amount of money, and since broadcasters have higher insurance payments Jezzer claims to be a doctor and Hammond claims to be a public speaker newlinechar 	Exactly. The 'Italian mid-engined supercars for less than a second-hand Mondeo Challenge'. Series 7, Ep 4.
Yeah, I agree. But then you find that one guy with the brown sugar lookin' stuff, test it, and it's so black it starts smoking. And then he tells you it's 1750/oz :O	That my friend is what [SilkRoad](http://silkroadvb5piz3r.onion/silkroad/home) is for.
It was pretty tongue-in-cheek.	No need to lick his boots.
What color is this?....what color is this?....what about this?!	My hate for you knows no bounds.
I know it won't happen, but I want stakes and a hammer to mess up some sleeping vampires. Van Helsing the shit out of them.	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8-bdq9wqig
what he said i want to see it.	Yeah I can't load the image at all.
You...you do not get to use that word! newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: A former friend of mine sent me, out of the blue, [this](http://imgur.com/2AQi0) the other day. (Okay, she is still my friend, and one of my better friends.)	That's just evil. I have to give credit where credit is due, that was an impressive run they made to make it that far.
Oh man, I loved the character customization in it. I wish more games would pay that much attention to how your character looked.	Yeah, there were literally millions of combinations for your characters. It was once in a blue moon I saw somebody look exactly like me.
No.  I'm gay.  Kind of.  Long story.  I'll stick with kicking kids and see how it goes.	Well, *that* took an unexpected turn.
Even more reason to get the money to go. I would love to see that, I'd also give you a big hug of course mine can be dangerous haha. It would also be amazing to actually put a face to all the people from the sub. 	Faces ... my face [isn't that interesting.](http://i.imgur.com/KWvdg.jpg) I look like the little kid I am.
Thank christ.	Ditto...as a developer, I genuinely was worried about the outcome on this decision... newlinechar  newlinechar it seriously would have fucked shit up...
Reminded me of (yes I know, as old as the internet) [this](http://i.imgur.com/hczYH.gif).	paTTon almost won.
[*le ~~came~~ shot web*](/spoderman)	####SPODERMAN! SPODERMON! CAME IN LE PANTS DID SPODERMAN!
Who else supplies a pet shop?  newlinechar  newlinechar Rescues are at shelters, and real breeders would never trust a pets shop to sell their kittens/puppies.  newlinechar  newlinechar That doesn't leave anything else.	Pet stores in my area are affiliated with the rescues. I couldn't even tell you a place that sells cats that are not from the humane society.
Haha ironically Mr. Rich has a short story titled 'karma' in his 'Ant Farm' book, it is only 2 short pages so I took a pic if you wanna read it (sorry bout the quality)  http://i.imgur.com/I7imG.jpg	haha thats awesome
I believe Durex are the highest rated as far as birth control goes. Plus, Trojan smells like you have a rubber tire hanging off your dick. 	And Durex un-lubed condoms sound like you're making freaking balloon animals in bed.
Med student here. Appending serves some immunological function. 	On the risk/reward side of things, it's not looking too hot.
Hooked you up how? Discount? Free sticks?	Free sticks, paid for the undercrown and the Kristoff
SO. BRAVE.	I think it would be even braver for someone to admit that they enjoyed LULU. I like Metallica, but it seems they try their best to ruin themselves,
I wish I could tell you that wasn't true.	So sad. :( One day there will be a great need for English majors in the job market. I am calling it! newlinechar  newlinechar *She said as she sobs in the corner.*
It is emphasing the inequality between benders and non-benders, not only do they get bending they get 11 fingers... Oppressive jerks	Totes
But..that doesn't ...*upvote*	his computer is a touchscreen.
I'm sure you don't, but I said that to sort of illustrate what I meant, if you got that.	Sorry, just trying to help others. Someone told me you had to do it naked and no one would ask, I got to the 9th one before I realized how silly I looked.
You mean to tell me that this image is indeed a computer rendered image rather than a photograph?	I was analyzing it as if it was to make a point. No, that's a photo. At least, the part of me that sways my opinions so I don't feel bad about fapping to fake women says it's a photo.
Merlin's beard!!!! That's the one!!! It's loud as all hell.	Did you ever plug it in and hide it under someones bed?
Neither do must people.  But I hear it tried to do a lot of what was in JC2 but failed.	Mercenaries 2 in comparison to JC2 is like getting Go-bots for Christmas instead of Transformers. K-Mart JC2 without the parachute lol 
I'll bring the papers! 	That's definitely a plus!   newlinechar  newlinechar Oh snap, alright...need to make the distinction between PM &amp; comments.
&gt; most people who have money use it to make more. newlinechar  newlinechar Where does this new money they 'made' come from?	From someone who values their product or service enough to pay them for it.
http://i.min.us/ino8jQ.gif	if anything this makes me like Cliff Lee so much more
That's cool and all but why the fuck does our government fund elections? Liberals don't have a problem with this but shutter at the idea of super pacs?	I would point out that whether you contribute to such funds is voluntary as the news release mentions.  You check off on your tax returns if you want to.
It baffles me this guy isn't still a coach somewhere in the NFL.	He was a great coach. I like Harbaugh, but Billick was what I thought about when I heard Ravens.
An orgy!? That's not what I wanted!	...but an orgy of death on a burning airship?
All post in wtf are default nsfw.	Or they should be.  Have you met my boss?  That fucker doesn't tolerate this shit for nothing.
No, we are trying to regain the Premier League title from City :)	Hands off, we're going for the big 20.
I don't think I've ever had it where I can't get the known word, but if you're getting both words every time you're just lucky. When you get captchas [like](http://i.imgur.com/rRwYs.png) [these](http://i.imgur.com/qOCSh.png) you're in trouble	busele and conarmal. The other two words are the book-generated portion of reCaptcha, not the test, so you can write whatever you want for them.
sneeze right into my box of Panda Express. 	I guess you ordered the CAAASSHHEEW chicken. Heheehehe
Wait a second.  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; **She** got suspended for depicting submissive women/sexism. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm not sure how to explain what I think about this.	She had a similar feeling regarding it
To be honest, its askreddit/redditoftheday posts like these that end up ruining the smaller subs. Keep the obscurity!	In b4 someone calls us hipsters.
You're working with an outdated Eagles roster.	Damn, talk about a brain fart. I was totally thinking of McCoy.
What is Fap?	You're not from around here.
&gt;weather newlinechar  newlinechar Talking about atoms and seemed somewhat intelligent then mix up weather and whether... Disappointed.	Im european (seriously). I had a similar issue with alot/a lot. It took ages before one of you english-speaking motherfuckers explained the problem.(after making many jokes first ofcourse)  newlinechar  newlinechar ;) newlinechar 
And certainly not tiny.	size is relative, for all we know, Sir_Teacup is a giant.
Mershed Pahtaterhs	Resherkerd Barterhs
What? newlinechar  newlinechar Laning vs both of those champions are easy to lane against. Karthus is really weak during the laning phase, Morgana doesn't have any kill potential unless you are really dumb.	nice try karthus.
Yeah, I understand all of that I am just trying to figure out which bassackwards way that apple has it (on/off) to actually have it dis-engaged. Is the toggle in off position mean I am not using that feature?	Erase data toggled to on will enable the feature!
[I have fought this battle many a time, and I will not lose it to a stegasaurus. No matter how classy.](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-Y9lSYxCg96o/TdyJcair8UI/AAAAAAAAAYI/0UbGpFtWmqw/s1600/Leroy%2Bthe%2BLlama_SMALL.jpg)	Better stock up on llamas then. I plan to win this slow and steady. I may even go to sleep a few times to give you false hope of a victory
Yeah I nearly shat myself at the craftsmanship.  newlinechar  newlinechar Seriously, the only WTF here is the fact that a fucking banana is on the front page of r/WTF.	Remember when an Altoid tin got pretty high up on the page?
Not really sure. I just remember the tagline saying food stamps	what you're not well versed on the differences between federal monetary assistance programs versus commodity purchase assistance?   Someone send this one some government cheese.
There's actually a good reason for this. A 50' tv displaying 1080p isn't gonna look as sharp as a 23' monitor showing the same resolution.	Not to mention it's pretty shitty to lay down on a couch with a keyboard and mouse while you're trying to play a game. newlinechar  newlinechar inb4people that play with a KB/mouse while laying down.
Information systems is what you take if you want to be a sysadmin or a DBA, but not a 'real programmer' newlinechar  newlinechar CS or Software Engineering are what you take if you want to actually be a developer.	Which of these degrees is the most flexible? newlinechar  newlinechar I ask because I haven't fully decided which computer programming related path I want to take.
aww you're such a good teacher! (:	Rick Astley told me I'm a good teachcer.  My life is complete. newlinechar  newlinechar FTR: I love Starbucks and I make it a point to be nice to the baristas.  One should not fuck with those who make his coffee.
I'm not certain but can't many of this disorders be tested for before birth?	Good question. Probably yes for most. I guess a more qualified scenario would be one in which one gender was certain to inherit the disorder, and the other one had a 50/50 shot or no chance, or something along those lines. 
It's already from /r/techsupportgore .	Nobody is listening to us.  Oh well, they deserve to be duped.
I'm with this guy why wasn't Reddit invited ?	i'm a girl! but yeah tell us where this party is at and we'll be there... who needs her anyway!
He looks like Hugh Jackman, and photoshopped to boot.	In movies though, this guy is still hot as fuck.
Awesome looking! We made home made pizzas a week ago, tossed about 50$ of ingredients together and made 2 giant ones. No cheese either - can't have dairy/casein. I just say it means we get more of the good stuff (mmmm! meat!)	$50! how is that possible? newlinechar 
[*Lexikon biblion* meant 'book of words' in ancient Greek.](http://www.etymonline.com/index.php?term=lexicon) It technically still means 'a dictionary,' but the connotation when used commonly is of a personal mental dictionary, i.e. one's vocabulary. 	Thank you. Now I can use this word outside of Skyrim talk.
....really?	He lives in the southern most house in Icirrus city, it's only accessible in winter
I always thought that Jon WAS the song of ice and fire, as he 'is' the child of Raeghar and Lyanna.	Hey that works too.
Hipster Hannibal 	Oh.....
I'm the big dude that scares all the crowd killers into not even dancing anymore. newlinechar  newlinechar They're mostly pusses anyway.	For the most part that are a buck 45 wearing cutoffs and tank tops. It's what makes the scene shitty. 
Of course! newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.google.com/intl/en/landing/chrome/cadie/	http://chrome.blogspot.ca/2009/04/google-chrome-without-3d.html
Redditors say YOLO more than anyone I have ever seen.  Stop bringing it up at every opportunity if you hate it so much.	This is the only place I've ever seen it.
Is this pro Tokka or anti Tokka?	I'm sorry if that was unclear, this is completely **PRO**  Tokka.
Pokemon yellow was only 'cool' if you unlocked the surfing Pikachu cheat in the game. Otherwise may have been red or blue, at least that way you got to choose your starting pokemon.	SurfingPikachu?
This isn't controversial, it's a human right.	'Hurt' is kind of a nebulous term, though.
Not for feeding an obligate carnivore there's not. Not to me anyways. If you have a problem with it you probably shouldn't get a cat	That's what I was wondering. Just curious where folks drew the line. Obviously people go vegetarian for different reasons.
Because she did this thing involving her tongue, teeth, vocal chords, and lungs and FUCKING TOLD ME.	Are you two buddies? Would you bang her?
hah wow..... clever ish but wow...	She was really pretty so she didn't care who freaked out, another d bag would just come along and take his place but the nice guys would laugh about it later
I'LL GIVE YOU MY NEXT ONE IN ABOUT 9 MONTHS.	OKAY, GREAT. I CANNOT WAIT. I WILL PLACE IT ON A SPECIAL SHELF AND PUT IT IN HYDROGEN PEROXIDE AND PHENYL OXALATE ESTER WITH FLUORESCENT DYE TO MAKE IT GLOW. IT WILL STAY NEXT TO MY BED SO I DON'T HAVE TO BUY A LAMP. 
Have you seen 30 rock? How can you really say that women don't work in comedic lead roles	Lucille Ball is spinning in her grave.
Actually, it only takes slightly more energy to get to Mars than it does to get to Luna, and Mars is a far more interesting place.	Bingo!  It's escaping Earth's gravity that takes 90% of the energy.  The rest is just 'coasting along.'
JESUS CHRIST IT'S A WERELION GET IN THE WERCAR	First let me shoot it with the werebow!
lifetime =/= timeline. Your timeline consists of the time-space events that make up your life in the order you experience them, with room for time to bend around minor changes as long as they don't affect your immidiate perceptions.	I think I've wrapped my head around that. I'm clearly not very knowledgeable of Dr. Who. My nerd card is currently suspended pending further review.
Awww what type of puppy is Jax?	He's a [black lab](http://i.imgur.com/7eoIJ.jpg).
Fair enough.	Far enough.
Do you have an accent?	french canadian accent yes and its horrible xd
All of the 30 for 30 docs are really well done.	I have only seen the Two Escobars but i am going to check out some more. newlinechar  newlinechar Any of them you would specially recommend?
That's reddit for you. 	That's*
That's just evil. I have to give credit where credit is due, that was an impressive run they made to make it that far.	I'm not actually that bitter. The Red Sox played like the championship caliber team they were. 
how high are you?	the sad thing is, [0], i'm just that naturally dumb at moments
Society.	The market IS society.
Put in Microwave.  Ditto.	I wonder what would happen if you microwaved a Ditto... newlinechar  newlinechar TO THE LAB!
You obviously haven't been paying attention to recruiting updates.	Yeah, as much as it kills my soul to stick up for IU, I expect a Crean led Hoosier team to be successful every year from now on.
He's Lil Wayne. He's been the biggest fan of the Lakers &amp; Hornets as well. And Miami.	its like Snoop Dogg being a Lakers Warriors Celtics fan
Im an idiot, I didnt realize there was a photo attached to the link. Thanks for the awesome write up though :)	&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;
Me and my friends got a chick on omegle to Skype us and we got her to get naked. I have pics too. But they are of Skype so it's not really proof.	Yeah we totally don't want to see those.
You hate him at first but the more you learn about him he becomes the best character?  newlinechar  newlinechar edit: JAIME LANNISTER IS THE FUCKING BEST. He's my favorite POV character, followed by Sansa. 	I just don't know how he could keep fucking that evil bitch for so long. 
So if I get my legs crippled because I suck at driving does that mean I should be forced to crawl?	Wheelchair.  
I prefer to say, 'Looks beautiful. Smells like northern New Jersey.'	Common misconception, northern nj doesn't actually smell, it is the pollution from manhattan blowing across the Hudson.  And as for the landscape, it isn't a concrete wasteland, it's very green and lush. It's just when you get closer to NYC that it gets uglyish and polluted
Yeah, my ISP told me to delete the illegal files or face consequences. I just deleted the files and moved on.	How would they know you still had the files? isn't it illegal to hack and search your computer?
Search for this question in /r/linguistics, if nothing comes up then ask.  	I came here to say this. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: you'll probably have more success in a sub populated with experts in this field. Also, you might wanna try /r/AskSocialScience 
Pet stores in my area are affiliated with the rescues. I couldn't even tell you a place that sells cats that are not from the humane society.	Well, I know what you mean - Petsmart and the like. But I guess that's not what I think of when I hear 'pet shop.'
Tomorrow afternoon is a little early if you ask me.	You make a valid point.. perhaps I'll have him turn it off and on again once or twice before stopping by.
Another way to look at it is they are improving Internet security.	This is EXACTLY what they're doing.  Improving one the best and most common antispam devices out there.
Retired cleric, accepts help from cleric of pelor and a paladin, hands them artifact horn of Orcus. newlinechar  newlinechar THIS IS LEGIT.	Bluff check?
So sad. :( One day there will be a great need for English majors in the job market. I am calling it! newlinechar  newlinechar *She said as she sobs in the corner.*	Well, I did work for a few years as a technical writer and editor, and I've sold a few freelance pieces, so there's that. newlinechar  newlinechar I've also done a fuckload of service industry jobs.
Put on the 15 day DL again for straining his hamstring again in yesterday night's game.	Make that 4 weeks minimum
Sounds nice, I would love a picture.	[Here you go, Along with another Loadout I'm fond of](http://i.imgur.com/Q1ZVS.jpg)
One thing I've learned from working game support: gamers are never happy with free stuff. It doesn't matter how generous the free thing is, they will always bitch that it isn't enough and they deserve more. 	free corki / ufo skin. Jarvan the fourth skin for 1500 something + elo. Lots of cool stuff ive been satisfied with.
I have an F-701 that I reserve for signing important documents! ha ha my only complaint is that I have a hard time finding replacements when the ink runs out.	Walmart sells a 3-pack for $3-5. I can't remember exactly how much, but I think it's in that range.
Bookkeepers	What about bookkeeping?
From a Fellini movie, right? I just can't think of which one.	8-1/2 newlinechar  newlinechar I would love to see some more gifs of that style from that movie.
Seconded.  Stay away from TV-highway/Farmington/Aloha/most things close to 217 and you'll be fine.	Right there with ya both. I really enjoying living out here in the Murray Hill area. 
Baby Elephant Walk	That would kill every boner I've ever had.
:( its the worst, to be a third, or seventh, or eleventh wheel Dx the happiness if suffocating. you've just got grin and bear it :] (at least that's been my strategy!)	I've tried bearing it but its not done any good. I just want a cute girl who likes me, We'd not have to be in a relationship just a close friendship. 
A Henry for 45 that's fucking mad I get it for 25 max in England 	East coast USA is expensive.$20 a G $60 an eight, $110 a quarter, $200 a half, $380 an O.
Don't be slappin' my penis.	[For the inevitably confused](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hb8FeKfRXM)
Not entirely sure why you thought that was a good idea in the first place.	I had a 3150 rpm motor, duct tape, a marker, and was bored. I clearly had no choice but to carry out with my infallible plan.
Don't even bother doing that. There's a Helicopter training scenario in Boot Camp. Much better.	Pimp ass reply, I'm rocking it right now.
That awkward moment when girls come up to you afterward and ask you why you commented 'Brazzers'	Yeah because girls NEVER watch porn.
Clearly God has a plan for you still. Just wait in a few years you will convert to Christianity and become a Prayer Warrior for the Church. 	Would a truly omnipotent god really need a plan b?
WTF, IM IN R/WTF?!?!?! :P seriously though, it was like people posting that 'girl goes to jail over such and such' in r/wtf. Come on people. More importantly, come on r/new voters, so much for being the knights of r/new, chya.	chya.  newlinechar 
/r/wtf is now /r/funny and /r/funny is now /r/antirepostcirclejerk 	Why did I read /r/antirepostcirclejerk as /r/an tire post circle jerk? I need a break. newlinechar 
I get that, I really do. But I would like to see games becoming an us activity, outside of the hiking, biking, outdoorsy stuff we do...	Quickest way to get a man to play video games is to put either Halo or Pokemon in front of him. 
But that is no way makes it right. Using that justification could allow for a lot of unnecessary bullshit.	I think expected behaviour is something that a bar/establishment takes into account when they choose whether or not to cater to a certain event. Not every establishment needs to cater to *everyone's* needs.
Erm...I actually haven't been accepted yet, BUT I expect they will...someday....	Anyway, you are trying. that is more than i can say for some of my friends when they graduated
She's adorable! And clearly extremely content eating her carrot. I'll have to try giving my two beagles one! :3	It's really good for their eyes, she loves them more then store bought treats and healthier! 
Isn't it the seeding that's technically illegal? Or am I just misinformed?	Yes.  It is illegal and I got caught.  I was issued a DMCA takedown notice and complied.
Diablo 3 is consuming my soul. newlinechar  newlinechar Though, if anyone wants to play coop then.. just find someone else other than me.	I don't have a computer that can run it because I'm afraid the delivery guy will try to talk to me when I sign for packages of parts.
You could, but you'd be wrong. newlinechar  newlinechar [Gambler's fallacy.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gambler%27s_fallacy)	eli5 please because i read that wikipedia article and did not understand a damn thing.
Couple months ago? newlinechar I'll look in his twitter. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT:  newlinechar  newlinechar This part was taken from an interview: [link](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=w-GKOrOmR40) newlinechar  newlinechar And this is a screencap of his twitter: [link](http://i.imgur.com/57Ter.png)	[Notch is not a brony.](http://i.imgur.com/F8JVi.png)
Gotcha. Thanks haha :D I is slow in the head sometimes. I'm a very green technician still.	Be prepared, padawan!  Some users will provide vague, borderline useless info - train/coax them to provide more, and both of your lives will be easier.
'Rich 50 is like middle class 35' newlinechar  newlinechar '...but this is Rich drunk, it's like business drunk...either way you're good to drive.'	Wow, I can't believe it took this long for a correction. I had a feeling that I was paraphrasing, but was too lazy to check. newlinechar  newlinechar For reference, here is the [soundbite](http://www.hark.com/clips/rgsqcfpqth-rich-50-is-middle-class-38).
Then why stop at 6?	They have to be sneaky about it, the more awesome the series gets the easier it is to sneak in more fingers. Expect 8 fingers by episode 11.
May I ask exactly HOW you know that it is not what He intended? Did he personally tell you? If He did then next time you talk to Him please let Him know I would REALLY like to talk to Him myself, I have quite a few questions!	He's too busy helping Tebow in training camp right now. You better take a rain check.
...but an orgy of death on a burning airship?	Acceptable.
Any idea what day it begins on I just started using steam this year and have no idea.	If it's the same date as last year then it will start 30/6 and end 10/7
Hehehe... newlinechar  newlinechar Check your premises. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; implying government can create jobs	And? This myth that government cannot create jobs is idiotic.
Congratulations! Waking up every morning without having to think about how your gonna score feels almost as good as getting high in the first place. 	it's amazing. i don't even think about it. health has become my drug
I said the same thing once in /r/guns, and did the research to debunk it, and ended up finding several autopsy reports of a .22 round ricocheting off the inside of a skull and creating a second wound track through the brain. Sounds ridiculous, but actually true!	A few sure, but I'd be willing to bet that it exiting is still more common by far. A lot of factors are involved: range, powder charge, bullet weight, barrel length. I don't see it getting stuck in your head from a rifle with a high velocity round. 
It left him with very good grammar as well ('You help...').	That's called a typo
dogs have really good hearing..	Plus it only takes one to start the chorus.
naw I was time travling in a steam powered bath tub newlinechar [](/b06)	Sounds fun! newlinechar  newlinechar And relaxing.
There are also jump Maps for rocket jumping practice...Don't Push tf2 into the p2w category.	For rocket jump practice there are rocket jump practice maps. Makes for far better practice than using the rocketjumper in a pub.
I disagree I come here high to look at shit high, that's the entire part of r/trees... and the legalization of trees of course.	This right here. Trees has evolved from simply tree's itself. It's evolved into a mindset and even a culture. I would reccommend that Stavros go to /r/eldertrees if he doesn't want to see posts like this and so we don't have to see his complaining.
'haha maybe millimeters bro!' *inb4 hilarious retorters*	Lol inv me 2 ur XBL party so we can go play groundwar
I bet if I said McAllenite no one in this thread would know what I was talking about  :(	How's your roof? /Edinburg.
Must be about her knee... That looks so awkward...	The only other thing that stood out to me is the weirdness going on around her armpits. I've seen that kind of 'spilling out' of a garment before, but she seems too small to have such excess.   newlinechar Other than that, I am out of ideas.
$30 for a big apple pie? Soarin sure is wealthy!	Or a hopeless pie addict... Everypony has a dark secret.
It's a different version of Daddy Long Legs.	Is Daddy Long Legs a regular boss? I haven't come across him yet, only Widow.
This is misleading. newlinechar  newlinechar Most children spend most of their time with family members. Thus, most abusers are family members, simply because they have the most opportunity. 	Exactly, it's like saying more people get attacked by bees than sharks. No fucking shit. 
I do, but I am far to embarrassed to ever admit it, especially in public.	It's at Don't-you-mean-carrots?-HAHAHAHA-o'clock right?
Get one, you won't regret it.	What this guy says. Love my U35.
The RJ is no longer nerfed to make the user take double fire/bullet/explosive damage. This means more troll soldiers using the RJ+Mantreads+Market Gardener.  newlinechar  newlinechar Mini-sentries are also no longer as effective of a counter.	Except that a mini-sentry makes it damn near impossible to land on your target due to push back. But if you're that good at air strafing, I guess you deserve the kill. 
I died right after that ran out :(	Some Porygon you are...
oh wow nice! i don't wanna do the math @_@ did you make a profit?	Nah, I lost quite a lot of metal in the end. Ended up with the following: Apparition's Aspect, Rogue's Col Roule, Sneaky Spats of Sneaking, All-Father, Team Captain, Surgeon's Stethoscope, Backwards Ballcap, Brown Bomber. Overall I don't think I did too bad.
So a potential employer told you they were illegally discriminating against you and you did nothing?	not just once-but twice!!! i find it very hard to believe as well
* 9500	Thanks, it's been a while since then.
That's a nice spoon. If I were you, I would have spent more on a graduation present for myself, gotten an epic bong or something because I would now have a place to hit one and would no longer be in a dorm. Props though.	Totally would have, but moving back in with the 'rents before I get my own place.  Bowl is the most respectful thing I could have bought..ya know..aside from not smoking -__- :p
Ive never seen something be so utterly ridiculous yet at the same time sound completely genius.	'... Should I get him?'
That's going to leave a mark.	Nah it'll buff right out
Oh definitely you want to turn the electric off if you shut off the inlet to the tank - but is there a specific reason to turn the electric off if you flush water out of the bottom of the unit with the inlet still open?	You need to flush with the inlet closed. If you do it with it open you'll just stir up all the sediment instead of cleaning it out. Hot water tanks fill from the bottom.
I love it. These rich, self-important fucks don't mind asking other people embarrassing questions, but they sure don't like anyone else doing it to them.	Don't worry his time will come. 
If this had gone the other way it would have been a complete catastrophe. What it would have meant was that any interface could be copyrighted and it would be illegal to do another implementation of that interface. newlinechar 	Yeah, all the way down to the String class, total nightmare. Having to ask legal permission to use API code for every project would be impossible, and you can forget about rewriting it.. 
I believe that HP/Compaq, Dell, Gateway/Acer/eMachines, and Apple have all had higher sales than Asus. newlinechar  newlinechar I would hardly call them 'the most popular hardware manufacturer'.	Agreed, from home builder we know of asus, evga, gigabyte, etc.  but most people have no frigging clue who they are.
I'd say it did a *few* times... ;-) newlinechar  newlinechar 'TOS: [Spectre of the Gun](http://en.memory-alpha.org/wiki/Spectre_of_the_Gun_(episode\))' newlinechar  newlinechar 'TNG: [A Fistful of Datas](http://en.memory-alpha.org/wiki/A_Fistful_of_Datas_(episode\))' newlinechar  newlinechar 'ENT: [North Star](http://en.memory-alpha.org/wiki/North_Star_(episode\))'	Wow, the plot section in that wiki is REALLY detailed
Oh man, it works like a charm. And they usually give us instructors the 'god' gun. The God gun has many settings like 'cruise missile' and 'anti tank weapon'. Think super wide beam. Take out like ten plus students at once.	Plus they have GPS trackers on all the vests, so they can record the battles and replay them later.  It was pretty entertaining to see our big mass of blue stick figures do something stupid and turn into a big mass of sad black dead stick figures.
usually a frenulum holds two things together as for the penis one i think it holds the foreskin to the actual penis (correct me if im wrong) one way or an other it hurts like hell to split	Shit.
Thanks! Which video?	Pretty prince of parties...or something newlinechar 
Aww, thanks bb!  newlinechar  newlinechar Yes, please report to the Armory so you can be fitted for your fempower armor and remember the morgul blades were replaced with dildzords, which come in an assortment of misandric colors! 	once a redditor is spermjacked with a dildzord, there's no escaping - the shards of misandry will slowly work their way into his penis and drain his monies.
39 and shut up.	12 and what is this?
I don't think this counts as a repost then.	Yep, as the original post now doesn't exist... So this now takes its place as the original post.
Basically if you vote no you didnt agree with the decsion yo bail out the germans, correct? If you vioted yes than you agreed with the decsion. - if this is incorrect or wrong then yes i was misinformed and may have voted wrongly	Not to worry. Looking at your spelling I wouldn't be surprised if you have inadvertently spoiled your vote by putting down a smiley face rather than an 'X'.
Whatever happened to those playpens our parents used to put us in? newlinechar  newlinechar Oh wait, I'm sure the looney attachment parenting crowd started labeling them 'baby cages' and condemning anyone who uses one as some soul sucking heartless demon.  	Yeah seriously. The story goes that I actually smeared 'stuff' all over my playpen while I was left alone. I have no desire to 'get what's coming to me.'
I see no reason why it wouldn't... all the battlereports are correct and logged, so they just have to pull em from there. I guess we'll find out though!	I wouldnt count on it.   I really hope they do but im not playing anymore just in case
To be fair, they sold Torres for 50.	We also pay higher wages and have to compensate sacked managers on a consistent basis.
I don't get it. Water you guys even talking about?	Obviously it just blue right past you.
i dont know, i feel like the dog from Up! could make this very enjoyable.	Squirrel! 
If you can afford it, I recommend you pay so that people who can't afford it can have the free ones.	I agree, great point. But for me, college is a bitch. :/
Just give it a little while.  It took about half an hour for me to get my email from humble.  	Alright, the help is much appreciated! The instant gratification of email has spoiled my patience.
I like the part where you encouraged your mother to solicit oral sex.	I inherited my potty mouth from her. As I'm sure my son will inherit his potty mouth from me. 
And? This myth that government cannot create jobs is idiotic.	How so? Where do you think government seizes its funds from in order to distribute them to 'worthy' green projects? newlinechar  newlinechar That is, unless you are assuming they can sustainably spend at over 100% revenue?
Absolutely lost it at SALSA COOKIES	WINDMILL COOKIES
Are you talking about RCT3? You mentioned both park entrance fees and ride fees for one park, and as far as I remember that isn't possible in 1 or 2.	It is in one definately
IT WILL NOT NEED FLUORESCENT DYE IN ORDER TO GLOW.	EVEN BETTER. THIS WAY I DON'T HAVE TO SPEND MONEY ON IT. FLIPPER BABIES ARE GIFTS; I  HOPE MY FLIPPER BABY WILL BE AS PRETTY AS LATT'S. 
So you wiped out 99% of the remaining 10% of the original population?	Sorry, two different campaigns.
/r/AskReddit: last night I was on a bar and a guy dressed in an armour went in asking what year it was, apparently it's the second time it has happened,  what crazy things happened to you in a bar?	More like [/r/ Ask Reddit:](http://reddit.com/askreddit) REDDIT HELP!! What's the best way to prank this guy who is trying to prank us?  Details inside...
Water loss on a ketogenic diet is due to less water resorption, which takes place in the kidneys. This is due to less insulin in the plasma and the increased urine output to remove ketones.	I thought it was due to the depletion of glycogen stores? Glycogen causes water retention, and carbs are stored as glycogen. is that not correct?
TaMMie always talks about Jules in her videos. I need to know who this person is :P	'Jules, from France!' I have a feeling that it's either a best friend of TaMMie's who moved away, or a completely fictional character that TaMMie references as a joke. It's hard to tell, because she's so committed to mentioning 'Jules.'
Dude... you... you use McAfee?	McAcee? MCAFEE?!?!
Two secrets to The Decadent: put that box in the fridge. Cold cookies. Just go do it. Second secret: ice. Cream. Sandwiches.  newlinechar  newlinechar Aw yiss.  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: stupid. 	This is totally a product now. I am completely serious. I work in a Loblaws owned Independent, and I can confirm that they have stolen your idea and are laughing all the way to the bank.  newlinechar  newlinechar And yeah, they're pretty awesome. 
&gt; By all means, get a second opinion...from ~~another doctor, not~~ some jerkoff on the internet newlinechar  newlinechar Hey, that's Mitt Romney's health care plan! Mitt in 2012! He'll create jobs for jerkoffs on the Internet! newlinechar  newlinechar sincerely, newlinechar  newlinechar Richard Nixon	Really? Hey! I'm some jerkoff on the internet! Sweet, ROMENY 2012 it is then!
Someone should take all the recent stories and take a map and point where all the tiny outbreaks took place so we can find a pattern.	Well off the top of my head we've got China, Florida, New Jersey (listed in this article) and Maryland. Throwing out the outlier of China, we've got absolutely no pattern at all.
The Batman?	Fair enough
We can rebuild them.	We have the technology
[You're telling me this isn't fashionable for men?](http://i.imgur.com/g7bMd.jpg)	It is if you are a hipster. 
Beware of the Trolldier! newlinechar  newlinechar On a serious note, I wonder of the Enforcer nerf is enough to get the UGC ban removed.	Davidmoose is a UGC admin, so we'll see what the admins are thinking. It may take a bit of debate first though.
I found [/r/EFLcomics](http://www.reddit.com/r/EFLcomics) today, which is a subreddit full of rage comics that non-native English-speakers made to help them learn the language. They are pretty much all hilarious and made my mood about 5X better.	I did get a giggle or two from the sub. Thanks honey!
Isn't that how firebending works? They just create fire from their body heat, right?	yeah but they can control and manipulate the fire with lighting the person is just guiding it.
If it's the same date as last year then it will start 30/6 and end 10/7	Hopefully it will start later i want to prepare more money for it.
The Buck Truck	My name is Buck, and I like this truck.
Plus they have GPS trackers on all the vests, so they can record the battles and replay them later.  It was pretty entertaining to see our big mass of blue stick figures do something stupid and turn into a big mass of sad black dead stick figures.	For the love of god tell me CRF is Centralia Resistance Force...
Neverwinter Nights? Or from [Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pie_menu#Notable_implementations). Or from [TVTropes](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/RingMenu).	Neverwinter Nights. I am pretty sure that was it.
I'd love to know how this meeting went lol	Awesome. He is a really cool chemist. We ended up meeting some random chinese couple and then went to a sex show high. Really fun
I actually saw this while using Hammer, what map is it on?	gully
They have Christmas in Canada?	Yeah, seeing we have all that snow and stuff.
[Found the original](http://www.cbc.ca/gfx/images/sports/photos/2012/02/28/lidstrom940-8col.jpg) newlinechar  newlinechar [Quick edit](http://i.imgur.com/qiYAL.jpg) newlinechar  newlinechar Wish there was a nice high resolution version of this, would make a great wallpaper. newlinechar  newlinechar Found a slightly better one, still not big enough to make a decent wallpaper though: http://www.cbc.ca/gfx/images/sports/photos/2012/02/28/lidstrom940.jpg	kinda needs the 'exit' sign, though, don't you think?
[This article](http://www.insure.com/articles/healthinsurance/weight.html) and [this article](http://www.insweb.com/health-insurance/lose-weight-health-insurance.html) say they do.  So does [this California FAQ](http://www.dmhc.ca.gov/dmhc_consumer/hp/hp_individual.aspx).	Hell yes, thanks! I didn't realize this was common. Much appreciated. 
I like skinny black girls.	How very specific of you. I am an equal opportunity dater, myself.
Just think of us as your awesome little sister or something.	You 18 yet?
Right. But what's the name of the documentary? 	Prost
Faces ... my face [isn't that interesting.](http://i.imgur.com/KWvdg.jpg) I look like the little kid I am.	Ahh so thats what you look like, you don't look that young to me. Of course I'm only 21 and you look about the same age as me.  [Well here I am] (http://i.imgur.com/bsBrQ.jpg). 
Yes, please.	I could live without the murder part ... LITERALLY WAKA WAKA WAKA
Blues Brothers 2000? newlinechar  newlinechar Slapshot sequels?  newlinechar  newlinechar It gets worse the deeper you go.	I got that beat: Indiana Jones and something about the crystal skull
Have a job, saving money, would like to speed the proccess up. 	Well a loan is good for building credit. 
Once I get a job, that's my first order of business.	Budget Pro tip: head to your local starbucks, enjoy free wifi:) newlinechar  newlinechar (and I don't even like coffee....) newlinechar 
i came	twice
Another one just posted. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;cleared kill orders after completion newlinechar  newlinechar Nice.	I like this because you can finally figure out when the thing their killing is dead, and its not a dozen wrestlers piled ontop of an unconcious cave troll
American Gladiator meets Wipeout.	The perfect blend. 
don't play favorites or be racist - cut both at the same time..	Take that a step further and tell the black guy on the team to cut them, because his people were held back for many generations and he needs extra opportunities to catch up.
This is a self post, the dude wouldn't get karma for it.	What did it say? 
Sorry, completely forgot ^.^ They just have that as their tags =(	it's groovy dude, hope the tournament goes well! :D
$100 more. I don't understand why there's such a huge gap above the 7850.	Its only around $30-$50 more down here, guess its just market environmental changes, oh well. [](/ppshrug)
We haven't seen Zuko shipping Toph because those two never had any reason to be together. They didn't have the connection that many felt Tokka and Zutara did.	Has that ever stopped shippers before?
None of the supermarkets in my country have these carts. We assume the people who need those have them already. 	In your country, insurance probably covers them. 
I feel her silently judging me for spending time on Reddit instead of doing my essay.	[](/lnotbad)[](/lmad)Get back to work.[](/yeah-in 'KOOL-AID!')
so... hows the 'ban on weed tourism' looking over there?... heard anything? 	It will (or will not happen) a year from now
That wouldn't work, items that increase speed don't increase the medic's running speed with the quick fix.	Heal Cheetah with Quick Fix. newlinechar  newlinechar Dangle a Buffalo Steak Sandvich in front of the Cheetah. newlinechar  newlinechar Win in a blaze of glory and mauled pedestrians.
Well if we get an In-N-Out that everyone from the west coast will not shut up about we will send a Dunkin Donuts.	DEAL. In-N-Out is delicious, and I don't even eat meat. They make me a mean grilled cheese, though.
Eh I doubt it will happen and if it does...I may just share it with everpony! Whats better than getting a gift? Sharing it!	Okay. It's official, God is a brony, and his name is Shellbullet17. I know this because this is the example that we should all strive towards in our actions and words. [](/a17)
The fundamental tenet of your argument is flawed. All the blacks I know that actually benefit from affirmative action are the ones that are *already high up in the socioeconomic ladder.* If you want to be fair, base affirmative action on actual socioeconomic condition, not race. 	&gt;All the blacks I know that actually benefit from affirmative action are the ones that are already high up in the socioeconomic ladder. newlinechar  newlinechar Small sample size.
Red wall must fall?	great books
It's not Christianity then  That's like the fundamental thing in the religion.   When you take that out it's some other religion you've based off of the bible, which isn't all that uncommon.	That's what people said about John Wesley, John Calvin, and Martin Luther. THey were all accused of being heretics and not being 'christians.' Yet today, they created movements and changes in christianity that have their own doctrines. 
[](/ppscared-d 'I've actually been feining for some season 1 recently.')	Jokes aside, I have really only watched most episodes once.  I would be interesting in joining in.  Livestreams make the episodes actually much funnier.
Spit or swallow?	dat username
Yeah we totally don't want to see those.	You can't fool me FBI
i never thought ricochet was horrid; especially not for its time. i rather liked it. it's such an interesting concept and i really hope they make a follow up to it.	This. Ricochet is awesome, first time I've heard bad stuff about it.
ITT: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;[I'm that girl](http://www.reddit.com/r/running/comments/udz7m/something_i_wish_i_could_explain_to_every_single/) newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;[That's me](http://www.reddit.com/r/running/comments/udz7m/something_i_wish_i_could_explain_to_every_single/) newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;[ I'm that guy](http://www.reddit.com/r/running/comments/udz7m/something_i_wish_i_could_explain_to_every_single/)	tl;dr - r/running is full of fatties
Salamandastron.  Blood and vinegar, my friend, blood and vinegar.	EULALIAAAAAA!!!!
I think he means GRANTING diplomatic immunity to rapists.	Then to what rapist did France grant diplomatic immunity?
This and Big Iron were my favorite, but every song from Fallout 3 was my favorite :)	I agree with your taste in music friend, also nothing will ever top 'Butcher Pete' in my book.
&gt; Ladies of TwoX: Would you pay for sex if the person was guaranteed to be super attractive and totally focused on your pleasure? newlinechar  newlinechar Hell...NO... newlinechar  newlinechar NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO. **NO**.	-laugh-  I had a feeling this would get down-voted. newlinechar  newlinechar **:3** to **you**, sir... newlinechar  newlinechar apparently...:  don't share *honest* opinions when it's asked.  
in my experience, vaporizers in particular work best with drier herb.	Truth. I got some sticky a few months ago, way too ripe. Couldn't vape it at all. Threw it in a joint and lit that fucker on fire. Sticky icky can't handle the heat!
Good job! I like how many jet engines you managed to fit on that small airplane, haha!	Hehe, thanks! it's the first aircraft I made with a few minor tweaks to get me through the challenge, I've been concentrating on rockets mostly :)
Sounds right. I'd fix it ('cuz stuff like that bugs me) but then i'd have to repost the link so I'll just leave it.	yeah, its too much hassle to fix one faulty figure, the correction is sitting above for people to see anyway.
Pillows?	[The Pillows](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Pillows) 
I vote to send snooki to mars.   one way.  newlinechar   newlinechar I'd donate to that cause.	The sun would be acceptable too.
Well yeah BUT... newlinechar  newlinechar I got nothin', you get upvote cause I be hypocrite.	Don't get me wrong.  You're entirely right that it's just giving your family a job.  But TNA just isn't the first company to do it. 
I think that's part of being fat and active. 	Can't argue with that.
ehh boobs are more reliable. 	Actually, they're not.  I've gotten five times the karma for good movie trivia than I've gotten for boobs. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Before anyone else looks, I'm not dumb enough to post remotely-erotic pictures of myself on my main account.  Don't waste your time.
You can always change out of wet clothes and clean your bearings.	Seriously, rainy sessions can be really fun! 
My hate for you knows no bounds.	That.... That really hurt my feelings :(
also the story arc where he turned the Absorbing Man into a Hannibal Lector like character killed it, that and his run on Uncanny X-men especially the one with Nightcrawlers dad were some on the worst comics ever made.	The X-Men stuff was Chuck Austen. Who was just an irredeemably bad writer who only got a chance at all because Marvel was in throw shit at the wall and see what sticks mode.
THE MENUS ARE ALL IN CAPS NOW.  :p	I just installed it and was quite disappointed to see that.
This would be for the cafe at the Elk Grove facility, where they have tons of AppleCare and support staff. And yes, they make excellent pizza.	I wonder what they would pay a pizza dude there? Keep us posted if anyone of you get a call!
4 slices of bacon is only 180 calories. Pretty low considering how filling 4 slices of bacon is, if you ask me :)	4 slices of turkey bacon is only 120. This is the first time my non-pig eating has come out ahead.
For as1986, though, I think it's because he really has nothing else to do.	I have him tagged as 'has no life outside reddit' because honestly, that's the most accurate description I could think of for him.
Make that 4 weeks minimum	Just saw the news. :'(
You found a webpage from 90's	Clearly has 2002 copyright date.
it might be fake or something? 	No, they just want to get laid and that's all that they're looking for. So if you want a relationship, avoid that. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Accidentally a word. And I'm going to be an English teacher. A pox upon me.
Make sure there aren't any shards of glass in that res, even microscopic can fuck up your lungs	i honestly didnt even think of that thanks. it seems to be a pretty clean hit but ill still try and check it better.  newlinechar 
I'd really like to know the units on that graph. newlinechar 	Watts, or some variation.
lad? i like to think myself more of a gentleman than a lad	golly, my apologies, sir. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar everyone should be able to enjoy gentlemanly status if they deserve it. and you do. 
Reminds me a little bit of this:  http://imgur.com/r/all/X5a85	Holy shit, that's dedication
Because his rail was clear?	also, this. haha
prude	 [I'd file an HR complaint.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIkFC2kN8aY)
Too mean...	jk amigo! I'm sure you'll do great!
I'm celebrating my birthday this Saturday, so if you wanna hang out with a bunch of drunk gay dudes (who doesn't?), let me know.	up-voted!
I laughed extremely hard and then felt worse... no girlfriend... or diablo...	I still live with my parents...
kelly c	k.
First let me shoot it with the werebow!	We're talking DLC, here. Use the were*cross*bow. Aim for mid-leg.
You seriously thought it only decreases armor? Have you ever read the tooltip? I don't want to be offensive, but its stated there, and there isnt much to read at all. [http://i.imgur.com/3rHGs.png](http://i.imgur.com/3rHGs.png) newlinechar  newlinechar Maybe this is some advanced tooltip thing, then i'm sorry for this post.	Ah crap, I think I read it too fast... back in the beta I didn't even looked at the resistances so maybe my brain didn't pick that up. 
That's awesome! Can you post it for us?	My mom bought every single copy of that paper she could find, but alas I don't think any made to digital format.  Will have to locate and scan in.
*crunch*	I. HATE. YOU
I hear Americans espouse this view quite often, and it's very hard to argue against simply because I do not understand it whatsoever. If the measure, on average, leads to a better life for the people why should it not be enacted?	The problem isn't with the utility of the law, it's the principle of liberty. The more power you surrender to a centralized source, the more you lose your identity as an individual and become a slave. It's just a different moral philosophy.
Me too. I refused to accept the Winter Classic, even when it was pretty much a guarantee, until it was from an official source.	The only reason why I wanted the Winter Classic was for HBO's 24/7. HBO does a tremendous job at filming the behind the scenes look.  newlinechar  newlinechar For every hockey fan who hasn't watched them, you owe it to yourself. 
I don't get it, whaALL GLORY THE HYPNOFISH.	You guys are stupid why are you scrALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOFISH
But... but... prices are going to rise!!!	Tanqueray went up $5.00. 
[Some people get very scared](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89GskAdHQ1g)	Expected Brad from 4PP haha
To be fair, I think everyone's college self makes that up during the night.	yep theres a reason I sleep in lol
Loogie, not spit. That means nasal mucus. That means gross.	Dm;hs
Can't manage resources, plays minecraft where all you do is collect resources to fight off hordes of enemies.	I dig a lot and never come up for wood, some things never change.  newlinechar  newlinechar Your username, what is it an acronym for?
easily the best BBQ I have had in Atlanta 	Not only exceptional Q but the sauces(what is it? 4?) are absolutely unparalleled. 
Are you sure you didn't eat the winning bag of one of these contests they have?	He ate a million dollars. poor bastard.
Some strange Swedish guy who does playthroughs of horror games on youtube, called [Pewdiepie.](http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/people/pewdiepie) newlinechar  newlinechar [](/ajbaffle 'What is this I don't even')	This. newlinechar  newlinechar I love Pewdie, He often makes me giggle. newlinechar  newlinechar Which doesn't happen often. Thank you for mentioning him!
Discoteca, mueca, La biblioteca	Un bigote grande, pero, manteca!
A lot of the time you need to get the shots (or anti-malaria medicine or whatever) in advance for it to take effect by the time you get to your travel destination.	I understand this. But the places I would be spending my time while getting the shots are little to risk areas such as Bali. Well worn travel routes for a few weeks before setting off to the wilds where the shots would be a welcome comfort.
then someone knocks their fucking Starbucks out of their hands	and kicks their macbook.
You bootlicker... People! Don't accept the mantis ''overlords''! ARISE FOR THE FREEDOM OF THE MANKIND!	Saving the world... using the Ruger 10/22 that your grandpa bought second hand.
What the fuzz with Bath Salt? newlinechar There is jar of bathsalt in our bathroom, it been there for years, don't even know why or when we got it.  newlinechar 	pretty sure it's companys pushing chemicals that people use to get high but they sell it as bath salts so it's legal. idk some crazy shit lol
Thats the spirit!!	Uptoke!
Hail Eris! newlinechar  newlinechar 	Hail Discordia!
There's a link to 500+ god debates in the FAQ. I recommend anything with Hitchens or Harris.	I especially love Harris. I feel like he could just stare at me expectantly and will me into being smarter. I think the clarity of his thoughts is unmatched.
Some have baking soda in them, vinegar strokes are not recommended 	That sounds awesome.. Like you're a superhero called ACID-DICK or something. (acidic...)
Ever? I have to watch this movie again. newlinechar  newlinechar This is as cool of a factoid as is Robert Patrick (T-1000) never blinks when shooting.	He pops open more doors than he uses properly, but he does use door knobs when it makes sense. Offhand, I remember he practices opening the door quickly at the first motel he stays at.
Too bad the American Elected Congress only has a 10% approval rating [[source]](http://www.gallup.com/poll/152528/congress-job-approval-new-low.aspx), they are all a bunch a crooked, crooked politicians...not much more to say.	I agree with this man.  New faces are needed in Congress, but will those new faces come with new lobbyists who will destroy them as politicians just like the last batch?  I do believe it.
I don't see how any of this is not possible by building it yourself. Maybe more work, but you can get even more functionality if you build it right.	There will be bugs when a friend brings over a Mac, or when you try to expand it ... who knows ... buying it off the shelf is probably more bulletproof.  Well, less bullet-full. newlinechar 
I'm already halfway pro at this. I hit trees all the time.	Trees OP, need nerf
Long before the Kindle, I always thought it was weird that DNA imagined each electronic book would need its own device.	I think it was because memory used to be so expensive.
The bike tipped over while floating! You lost: newlinechar  newlinechar * 1 tube newlinechar  newlinechar * 2 CO2 cartridges	Hah, you're wrong! I only brought 14 grandfather clocks and 1 hat. 
We had writtens AND orals.  newlinechar  newlinechar It was horrible no matter what. I'm pretty sure I will be haunted by the question 'were the Bolsheviks modernizers?' for the rest of my life. Blarrrhg. 	Oh man! We technically have an oral part, which is just a talk over your dissertation proposal. I have no idea when I'll do that, but I rock at giving talks.
I never realized the episodes required so much work. It makes sense though.	working on television is incredibly demanding. For everyone. You're on set more than you're doing anything else in a given day. 
[Scroll of Teleportation](http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/Scroll_of_Teleportation), an item from the alpha.	Thank you!
I was cut off once right in front of a cop. I honk the horn and slam on my brakes, I see the cop and think this guy is getting pulled over. NOPE! The pig gets on the loudspeaker saying that 'You should have just changed lanes'.	That's a true pig. Can't be bothered by anything as long as he's in his icebox, in the shade, and on his computer.
It only works scrolling one way, so I'd suggest changing it to something else if you're like me and it bothers the crap out of you.	I agree. Scroll up feels unnatural, and setting it to a key would probably be quicker to access anyway.
I am drinking one of these right now. 5:22 PST 5.31.12.  newlinechar 	Me too! Bahl Hornin!
Well, I know what you mean - Petsmart and the like. But I guess that's not what I think of when I hear 'pet shop.'	That's what I call a pet shop. I don't know of any stores that just sell pets. I remember one being in a mall near here, but it closed down a long time ago.
They confirmed Sunday - https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151002707908474&amp;set=a.81986793473.104882.14154208473&amp;type=1	You are correct. 
hahaha I am extremely ancient. Also, I'm not black, and you wouldn't even be that girl's buddy for not being black. ;)	No no no, I love girls of all races, as long as she happens to have breasts and a vagina.
I know, I really hope my mom doesn't go through with this. My dad doesn't want it either. We both know that it's not going to help at all :/	Too the people down voting I'm not saying AA is a bad thing and it helps a lot with peoples problems(mom is an alcoholic) but it is no place for a child to be.
You can tell Mangilardo's is the best because the cops and firefighters eat there.	Also because the guy behind the counter has about 3 different sayings while you're checking out.  Two of which revolve around the weather. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, his daughter who makes the sandwiches... not too bad on the eyes.
If you've never seen Billy Connolly before, you're missing out. [It's also better with the accent.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IwooM4yhiiY)	I read it in his accent.
So I wasn't the only one that kept the TV on Univision thirty minutes before the game started for the girls.	You dirty dog you.
yeah it's pretty cool	Would be really cool for doing these maps if they had the feature on vanilla servers also.
no it's not. it's full of superiority complex and bullying. 	Look up, you'll see what flew over your head. 
Next time go to 'Your Account', click on today's date, and click on the requester's name to send them a message.  newlinechar  newlinechar When that happens to me I just send them the completion code with a brief explanation of what happened, and the HIT gets approved a-okay.	yeah, i just figured that out and did that right before i got your message. hopefully it'll be okay. thanks :) newlinechar  newlinechar i'm still new to this turk thing but it's actually pretty fun so far.
Not funny man... Poor guy is facing certain death.	This guy nose what he's talking about. 
Updated story as of 7:51 PM.  http://www.baltimoresun.com/news/maryland/harford/bs-md-ha-dismemberment-follow-20120531,0,4066697.story newlinechar  newlinechar * Accused had blinded a classmate with a baseball bat newlinechar * Accused was an electrical engineering student newlinechar * Victim was facing possible deportation	Deportation?  newlinechar  newlinechar For being an EE? newlinechar  newlinechar Glad I changed majors.
No problem man. I'm itching to know how it works..be sure and give us a heads-up! =]	If it works well, expect me to answer on Saturday. I'll have more questions if I talk to you tomorrow. It's been down for an extra 5 days, and it's killing me. 
Inb4 vector trace images	inb4 /r/sh5e8i4t
I think if it was just allergy pills the police wouldn't have gotten involved.	In most public schools, any pills are considered controlled substances, OTC, PX, or illegal. They're all in the same category.
I'm sorry if that was unclear, this is completely **PRO**  Tokka.	IN THAT CASE,[you shall be rewarded](http://plus4chan.org/boards/a/src/127930516413.jpg)
I hope you can relish this post. It's a bit of a pickle though.	Really? Pickle puns already? This post is gonna leave my head gherkin. newlinechar 
[What's the worst that could happen?](http://pull.imgfave.netdna-cdn.com/image_cache/1307049670996958.gif)	I played Russian Roulette with that image. newlinechar  newlinechar I won. Thank you sir, for not being 'that guy'
Has that ever stopped shippers before?	No, but one can hope.
My favourite ones are the ones with ol' jumpie.  ^ ____ ^ newlinechar  newlinechar [Examples](http://www.quickmeme.com/Misunderstood-Spider/)	Agreed, they're awesome. xD
He's a [black lab](http://i.imgur.com/7eoIJ.jpg).	\*gasp\* AWWWWW
You have to get out of the house to get hit on hahaha, I'm to busy with Diablo to go outside. 	Hah, have a good loot then!
For the C++ class, could always assign programs that require at most a few inputs and see if it produces the assigned output	That's still 2,000 people to grade. Assuming you spent 30 seconds per student grading them, that's still 16.7 hours of work.
Wouldn't it be slightly less than one, considering that the number of people who are eunuchs, or at there very least have lost a ball to cancer, must be much larger than the number of people with 3 or more balls. [Fixed, stupid auto-correct.]	Eunuchs.  Not units.
You mean continent, right? It is the world's biggest known caldera that is due to blow (correct me if i'm wrong)	Not wrong
I'm so sorry sister. There are a ton of delicious ones on [this tumblr](http://captivatingimagination.tumblr.com/tagged/tom+hiddleston). Have at it! I hope your heart heals quickly. &lt;3	thanks lovely :) that means a lot. I love some of the tom tumblrs!
Because there is a stat where he supposedly hasn't fumbled since college.  newlinechar  newlinechar 	And the announcers always bring it up.
Send one back of how she looks. 	http://techcoquette.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/disappointed-woman-laptop.jpg
[*QSDF* **JKLM**](//#neodestiny)	[*   f* **j k  **](//#neodestiny)
Honest question, is that the first time you've heard the 'horseshoes and hand grenades' line?  newlinechar  newlinechar I hear it about eight times a week, but it might just be the region I live in. 	Dude, I live in Canada, I hear that stupid ass saying all the time. I don't think its regional, but remember there is a 15.4% chance barrows is gay, so until recently he wasn't allowed to join the military and hence, didn't know what a grenade was.
for that, youll be the one blowing a dick	But I get a free t-shirt?
NSFW! newlinechar  newlinechar NSFL, for that matter...	Oh lawd.
I feel you pain, man. There's a special place in hell for people who inconsiderately spoil movies. 	Or still say 'mind blown' about things that are not even close to mind blowing discoveries. There is a post on /movies now with that title. I like how /pics brands cliche titles so that people resubmit them
I could live without the murder part ... LITERALLY WAKA WAKA WAKA	But murder is so intimate. And violence is kind of extremely my thing... &gt;.&gt;
Haha nope. And it definitely takes some experience to get good at driving in snow.  I'm from northern iIllinois but lived in southern Illinois for a while. We got less than an inch of snow and the town practically shut down. Accidents as far as the eye could see	I've seen snow in my small hometown once in my 20 years of life... and it was a 9 inch dump on Christmas Eve at midnight. Talk about a town shutting down. 
[](/b00 'But pride is a dangerous road. Full of... danger...') 	[](/flutterjerk 'Let them burn in my light.' ) newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar [](/flutterfear 'I think we.... I have a problem...')
I know they're playing at Yankee stadium, but seeing them wear the jersey and hats made me feel icky.	Cech in a Seahawks helmet is about as good as it gets for a Seattlite like myself.
Yeah I asked GoPro about this around the time I got my hero 1 originally and they said they use Twixtor, which is unfortunately a ~300$ chunk of software...	Yeah, Ive always thought that was really expensive seeing how super slo-mo is the only thing people use it for.
that's not irrational, the guy is a scumbag. 	It's probably a little irrational when 12 years have passed and I still hate him just as much. But yes, he is a scumbag.
Awesome. He is a really cool chemist. We ended up meeting some random chinese couple and then went to a sex show high. Really fun	For the first time meeting someone sounds.... awkward! But very fun!
'I cum day and night.' - Arnold Schwarzenegger. newlinechar  newlinechar Ever since I [watched this video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=iMjG2s6UOaw), I can only think of this whenever someone mentions Arnold.  newlinechar  newlinechar Still a major badass nonetheless.	That is... I don't... I guess I just forgot he could speak English that well.  Then after that shock wore off he followed up with that comment.  I have to wash my ears out.
She should be charged with fraud and lying in court. I don't understand how she would get away with no charges at all. 	perjury 
A match made in heaven	Thanks! we actually look normal together haha
uh oh, hope it wasn't my soup recipe	don't worry man. I tried that, it was delicious.
Shrinkage is real, haven't any of you ever heard of shrinkage?!	It shrinks?
Super Bowl ads sold for 250 million for a thirty second slot this year.  I think the ratings for the mars-launch, landing and probably a few other days along the way will do better than the super-bowl.	It depends on how much people care. People seem really apathetic right now.  newlinechar 
Don't ban steak because a child can't chew it. Legalize, regulate, and keep it safe.	You butchered that quote. newlinechar  newlinechar You bastard...
WOLOLO	Your onomatopia caused me to burst forth with with sounds of laughter. 
Thank you for finding me the official soundtrack to my memory! Is it bad that I actually really like the song?	haha that song was pretty poetic it really plays out the imagery well. that whole soundtrack had some pretty amazing songs
I'm glad I'm not the only one who had a teddy bear with a crusty butthole	&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;
If you are looking for no gig cap you should go with Sasktel. I've never had any major issues with them and love the fact I don't have to worry about how much my wife and I download.	i'm getting this message more and more, i appreciate the input because there is generally a consensus forming
Since Obama's last campaign, you mean.	And until Obama's 2012 campaign.
I told my girlfriend I wanted to kill her. She said I needed professional help. I figured she was right, so I hired a hit man	Oops, you're on her account.
[Me too!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Al_y-v7qcjg) newlinechar *NSFW*	This both the best and worst thing ever
It is a .gif that I made.	Holy crap OC?!? newlinechar  newlinechar [We approve](https://encrypted-tbn2.google.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQmSFgLtNl3U3bn1Af0yUFjbkiLcU7kpyrFeGYRRQuKixwpqxFf9Q)
I overshot it at first and went from not lifting for 3 weeks (work and health shit) to trying to pull way to much. It took me 2 false starts to get it dialed in, and I am doing week 2 this week. 	Yeah, I'm coming back from a 2 week layoff (health shit and then work, actually), so I'm just sandbagging my max 15lbs.  I'm also skipping week 1, but that's so I can hit week 12 while I'm on vacation and then retest my max when I get back.
This kills the boner.	[Relevant. \(NSFW\)](http://i.imgur.com/kNaGw.gif)
I'm confused as to why they wouldn't want to sell their domain for lots of money. 	Same reason why there are stupid fucks camping domains like purple.com, gail.com, and other companies that make their living by camping domains (ad revenue). newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Some men just want to watch the world burn.
its like Snoop Dogg being a Lakers Warriors Celtics fan	What??? Snopp is a Boston fan??  How can you be a fan of Lakers and Boston????
Ummmm, it is still a very powerful class... [Proof](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0NVGfMUV3s&amp;list=UUnLySi03DIqF0U0UDMCtu3w&amp;index=3&amp;feature=plcp)	I already saw that video, yet I still watched the whole thing again. newlinechar 
The Sarah Silverman Program. It was a show that had a very niche audience due to Sarah Silverman's odd sense of dry humor. She's love her or Hate her, no in between.	Bullshit, I sort of like her. 
From what you say, it sounds like they actually portrayed her accurately. 	His second paragraph started off so well. Hating an ex, I was feeling for the guy. Then it ended with me thinking exactly what you said too.
Why in the world did it take double damage from other weapon sources before?  Was that a bug or a deterrant so people wouldnt use it during games?	The latter. Although you'd think losing the damage would be enough.
Okay. It's official, God is a brony, and his name is Shellbullet17. I know this because this is the example that we should all strive towards in our actions and words. [](/a17)	God? Noooo I'm no god. Just a loving individual who likes to party. And watch him some ponies of course.
Keylight, which if I remember correctly is built into AE, works perfectly for me. Sometimes I have to go in and manually erase chunks of each frame that are a bit messy, but that's only when I'm lazy with the lighting.	I never got keylight to work right for me. No matter what I did it looked like shit, the edges all jittery and the insides weren't clean. I eventually got just used a hardware keyer which worked perfectly.
Who knows how to make love stay?	Fine, you win.
well buy this bundle for 10 bucks ( that's above the avg but the avg has climbed over a bucks from earlier today ) and his noodly appendage may bless you	Got it for 7 dollars, feeling quite blessed. :D
Stay away from Black and Decker anything!  Those things are garbage.	Dewalt is what their quality brand name is now, idk if they make hand tools though.
Br? Hue hue hue hue!	GIBE SOLO MID I REPORT YU
I imagine that's part of why you like 2CE too. It's fairly reliable in the visual department.	partly, yes. I also feel like it is the most neutral psych I have tried. By neutral I mean that it doesn't have a 'mood' like a lot of the other stuff - I can take it where I want.
More please	http://jalopnik.com/5891079/touring-superleggera-disco-volante-2012-gallery/gallery/9
Myth: [Confirmed](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Haskell_Alsup).	This is the thread that just keeps on giving.
Woo! Can't wait!  You guys are lucky braun is out of the lineup.  And we're lucky kemp is out of the lineup.  Just heard he's out for 4 weeks, i'm feeling for you guys, that's a huge hit to take.	Well... when you consider Braun was supposed to be out of the line up for 50 games...
I *almost* like the Greens. But they really do come across as hideous luddites at times. Their non-condemnation of the recent destruction of that genetically-modified tree trial is pretty much inexcusable. newlinechar  newlinechar Ignoring it would've been one thing. Talking about how understandable their feelings were, is another.	Yeah I have the same problem with them. And as a geologist their energy policy seems super unrealistic. Still I voted for them anyway because they seem to be a positive influence in terms of stopping lobbying,and understanding the youth positions.
Awww, it crashes Chrome :(	Works for me. It does crash when you zoom in w/ CTRL+Scroll though.
LOL'd at 'wala.' I assume you mean 'voil.' That's OK, I thought french appetizers were ordurvs until I was 20.	You mean horse doovers?
What's wrong with them?	Ask Wisconsin.
Not that bad, really, considering the driver's side is space that no one else can park in. Leaves some room for the car next to her, plus those doors can be pretty big and swing way out.	It was meant to be a joke...
You don't need to apologize. You are among friends here.	haha, thanks I guess? newlinechar  newlinechar It is a bit tangential to the thread so I figured tack it on
k.	regarts.
^This guy hit the nail on the head.	Not sure if actually wanted this to be small or just didnt realize it would do that. newlinechar  newlinechar ^But ^^either ^^^way ^^^^is ^^^^^fine
i think we all know a couple of BOOMS is the end of a war...	I thought it was with a whimper. Depending on the bomb of course. 
/r/hiphopcirclejerk	Clicked and the top post is 'I love mediocre white rappers.' newlinechar  newlinechar Everything is as I expected, moving on.
Haha, 42,493 likes! :D newlinechar  newlinechar [source](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IzMnCv_lPxI)	It says views though, not likes. newlinechar  newlinechar And it has 12.5 millions views.
I'm a lawyer. We need lawyers in space... right?	You guys will all be on the second mission, Sun One.
Too bad they're all dead. newlinechar  newlinechar Meanwhile, Daleks are revived every time Moffit / Davies get writer's block.	Hey! At least it's still interesting
I think the 'bastard' Varys is referring to is Gendry not Jon Snow.  He's talking about how Ned is uncovering the truth behind Joffrey, Myrcella, and Tommen's  lineage.  The book he is referring to is the one he got from Pycelle detailing royal lineages and their appearances.	You're totally right.  Ok, I still don't believe that r+l = j.
Si no trabajas tecnicamente eres un nini.	Okay.jpg
So remember last video where the end-of-video noise was breaking kneecaps? This time, it's skeletons. What do we think, Crackheads?	You know what? I think the thumbnails might be red herrings, and the end of video sounds are the only real clues.
You're not exaggerating at all. Some have made a really good case that Dinho is more naturally talented than Messi, just has none of the work ethic. 	I think he was better but for a much shorter period essentially a couple of years.  Messi's already surpassed him in longevity.
Jack Daniels or some Makers. Nothing soothes the soul like whiskey!	Yeah, I'm thinking whiskey. Might just splurge on a nice single malt.
Pretty jealous man	*Ridiculously
Still hardly works. Constantly freezing in online games. 5 minute load time to start the game. newlinechar 	After reading all these patch horror stories, I think I'll stick with SP until the next patch comes out...
[](/wahaha '&gt;6 hours ago') newlinechar  newlinechar [](/sp) newlinechar  newlinechar [](/rwahaha 'No manspike...')	[](/p18)
But lower firing speed means that people will catch on to you and be able to kill you quicker.	I'm at least grateful for that. Ambassador's deadly even with that speed in the right hands.
I'm starting to wonder why I bought it... newlinechar I couldn't make it through Batman Arkham Asylum because halfway through I became afraid to walk around corners irl. newlinechar I can't make it through Half-Life because the headcrabs terrify me. newlinechar Amnesia is going to be hell.	seriously? I think you're gonna have a bad time 
You make a valid point.. perhaps I'll have him turn it off and on again once or twice before stopping by.	At the very least. Reboot three times or it won't work.
Same here noticed cause of the survey except Pokmon black in which i chose snivy	I never got a DS so I haven't played Gen 4 or 5
As a ~~Spanish~~ Spaniard, I agree with our French redditor.   newlinechar It makes English grammar easier	&gt;As a ~~Spanish~~ Spaniard
Makes me wonder how many are Americans just rooting against Mexico.	I think there is a very large Balkan/Eastern European community in the Chicagoland area.  I'm amazed that there aren't more Mexicans there.  Chicago has a very big Mexican community too.  
On the risk/reward side of things, it's not looking too hot.	Well evolution is not always perfect. I mean seriously, why do we still have monkeys :P
If I were Sokka, I'd be pretty stoked about that. Also, loving the addition of Hawky to that picture.	Pabu would be proud :]
I fucking love my Macbook. Fine piece of technology that hasn't let me down for over three years.  newlinechar 	You should see my 10 year old Thinkpad.
Is Daddy Long Legs a regular boss? I haven't come across him yet, only Widow.	He's a sub-boss in the Cathedral and a rare boss in the Necropolis
Like you haven't had a teacher you wanted to fuck.	My History teacher. 
Thank you, qkme_transcriber!	Thank YOU rawrby.
SurfingPikachu?	Yes, and if you have the special yellow edition and Pokemon yellow, I suggest you immediately head to Cheat Code Central or wherever the kids get their cheats these days and unlock it!
TNT cannons no longer work.The entity of 'lit TNT' doesn't flow in water and is a full block in size. It used to be smaller than a full block after being lit.	Some designs no longer work, some do. How did you notice that?
[Notch is not a brony.](http://i.imgur.com/F8JVi.png)	I think that screenie was taken before he challenged HumbleBrony to being the highest bidder.
If they had lived there for more than 12 months, why is a 30 day notice not enough for a leaser to terminate a contract?	New laws say that after 12 months, a 60 day notice is required.
Have you [filed a report](http://bugreport.apple.com) with Apple?	That is for actual bugs. This is a [feature request](https://www.apple.com/feedback/iphone.html).
that's what shankly would've wanted for liverpool.	A bastion of invincibility.. Untouchable...
Huzzah! But seriously, how does the Enforcer nerf even BEGIN to compare to the Rocket Jumper BUFF?!?!?	It should really be called a 'burf' (a buff AND a nerf) due to the fact that you aren't able to carry the intel.
Good guy pyro...	PyBro!
Dreamer vs sandman.  Cane match.	Dreamer was completely made because of this match.
I'm headin there on Saturday.  I used to go to the one in Tustin in college, but then moved to Fullerton.  Stoked on trying this place.	Went last week.  Salmon cheek was excellent.  Be ready to be adventurous.
Obviously it just blue right past you.	Don't worry, I'm not quite shore either.
Place a sign!	A pressure plate would be cheaper and look nicer.
Would a truly omnipotent god really need a plan b?	He forgot his id when he went to pick it up, so they wouldn't let him have it. Lucky you!
First, AWWWWWW tiny baby ;---; That's precious.  newlinechar Also, &lt;3 I adore pits &lt;3 newlinechar  newlinechar About the vid, how about save a screenshot/frame of part of the activity caught?	They are wonderful. :) newlinechar  newlinechar What I caught was noise and one of my dogs obvious reaction to it... :/ No worries, I'll keep trying! :)
From America, Belgian is some sort of French.	I feel sorry for Belgians mistaken for Dutch or French all the time and to make matter worse some people think that they don't exist must be a tough life
I dig a lot and never come up for wood, some things never change.  newlinechar  newlinechar Your username, what is it an acronym for?	There is enough cultural referenced in this thread as it is, you really want to bring ponies into this...
source?	Americas got talent 
If Loki only wanted to go back to Asgard that entire time then why didn't he just let Thor take him back when he took him out of the plane near the beginning of the film?	Because it would have been to suspicious.  If Loki and Thor just waltzed right back, people would be watching Loki closer than they would be if Loki was arrested and sent back.  
As a black man named Tyrone, I laughed pretty damn hard. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, Im not black and my name is Nick.	You could always get a negroplasty.
I bet the losers cared about the rules.	Yeah I bet someone who made the best legitimate boat was really pissed
isnt that pretty average? maybe the 'only' was a bit much, but i wouldnt say thats big.	She stressed that it was tiny. I was thinking 2 to 3 inches, but when she said 5 to 6 inches, I was just like 'oh...'
[Billy?](http://video.adultswim.com/aqua-teen-hunger-force/billywitchdoctorcom.html)	Man I miss ATHF.
What??? Snopp is a Boston fan??  How can you be a fan of Lakers and Boston????	http://media.egotvonline.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/snoop-dogg-celtics.jpg
It should really be called a 'burf' (a buff AND a nerf) due to the fact that you aren't able to carry the intel.	Lol idc, when I play CTF trying to grab the intel just gets me killed. Higher KDRs are the only thing to come! I get your point though
Seriously.	Actually no, I'm at work so that would be awkward, but you are beautiful. 
Everyone else was wrong.	That makes you the smartest person on the internet. You deserve an award.
I thought the answer was pretty obvious. Book 2: Babies	Oh of course!!! Can't believe I missed that xD lol
Pretty sure you'd still feel something, based purely on the laws of physics. The deer isn't moving when you hit it, so it briefly sends a massive backwards force against your trajectory. Sure, you're still going fast, and your car isn't damaged, but you'd feel that.	You don't know that the deer wasn't moving.  It could have easily been running in the same direction.
I thought they were just 'The Wachowskis' now?	Well what with that whole gender reassignment... yeah...
SMASH NUTS	Wow this comment is hilarious if you don't read the spoiler above it. People should feel free to read Dogfood's spoiler, though. It's extremely mild.
When I went to church, my sunday school teacher told me most people lived to 900 because the air was much cleaner. Ha.... hahahahahaha.. hahahahahahahahaha......*muffled sobbing*... 	There is one man in the Bible that is said to be 900 years old. I don't remember the source, so if I could get some backup that'd be great.
I prefer Suzuki	yeah that's good
How tall is *she*?	6'3. And i too am 6'8, capn. *bro hug*
I didn't like it. Play CK2 and get all the same mechanics I suppose.	Yeah, exactly. CK2 has all of the features of Sengoku and more.
So, what news source would be 'legit' to you?	The Onion.com
I agree with your taste in music friend, also nothing will ever top 'Butcher Pete' in my book.	That was a good one. They're all so memorable for me though. newlinechar  newlinechar Hes hackin' and whackin' and smackin' newlinechar  newlinechar Its like infused into my brain 
TechnoninjaVG	Fuck you Sarc, this ain't your AMA
I was accepted into Stanford and Berkeley, but I ended up going to a cheaper state school. I've always wondered how my life would be different had I gone to either other school.	Well seeing as you would probably be in debt up to your waist I'm going to say you made the right choice.
Sorry, I'm new to ATLA shipping, but how is tokka incest?	It MAY, keyword MAY, be incest, IF sokka is lins father, than Lin and Tenzins relationship would be incest because sokka is kataras brother, BUT Tokka could have still happened, maybe they dated, but broke up at some point, and Toph found someone else and had a child.
I think that was the reddit machine actually. The bot that randomly downvotes everything? Yeah that dickwad. I am seriously hoping OP overclocks that processor. I guess thats what the additional fan is for... I hope so... 	There's no point in aftermarket cooling if you're not going to OC. Even if it's one of the crappier X4's it'll still hit 3.6-3.8-ish depending on how comfortable he is on air.
No no no, I love girls of all races, as long as she happens to have breasts and a vagina.	hahahaha that a-boy!
I will.  I only used half the flank and I also got a dry aged 1.75 porterhouse.  	Well done. Now I wish I was your girlfriend. My fianc, while wonderful, is not a cook. Luckily I am.
Why are you guys not tan, lifting weight or doing laundry?	bud &gt; gtl
My History teacher. 	Statistics teacher at first year of college... newlinechar  newlinechar God *damn* that woman, her ass, and her sweet sweet maths
Yes but I don't remember that lake spawn in beach.	Those little pond-caves plague waaay too much of the terrain as it is.
But the Thunder &gt; Clippers...	Absolutely, but midnight_illusion appears to be right on the money. Spurs weathered the storm at least for now.
It's because he looks like an old man.	Tread carefully Kerrby...for the dark lord has his spies everywhere.
I've tried bearing it but its not done any good. I just want a cute girl who likes me, We'd not have to be in a relationship just a close friendship. 	it'll happen! if not this month, then next month, if not next month then the one after! don't let it get you down. be confident that you have something to give the world that people (females in particular) want :)
  ~ puts on mantreads~  newlinechar  newlinechar   ~ gets out from under bridge ~ newlinechar 	why use gunboats?  unless that's just part of the trolling... newlinechar  newlinechar edit: *it's like nothing ever happened...*
It's 1am... 	Looks like you pointed out his idiocy.
[](/w21-I-r90-spin-flip-dance-party-lol-Raritybestpone 'What could possibly go wrong?')	I was going to search for pictures of what could go wrong, but then I realized I wouldn't really want to see such pictures to begin with.
So, guys, what was it? Too scared to click.	It's a picture named 'The Evolution of Homosexuality'. Nothing but idiocy here, proceed.
Never knew much about Chicago having much of a Mexican community, but did know they had a lot of European. Definitely makes sense then.	Oh yeah, huge.  the Little Village section is big Mexican neighborhood in Chicago.   Mexicans have been in the Chicagoland area since around 1910. 
Is it weird that my first impression was something along the lines of; newlinechar  newlinechar 'Small Asian boy cosplaying Annie.. \*-*'	So there's cool anime you might be interested in, called Boku...
If I were cop, that would be the first thing I'd do before starting my shift.	Roll call at the garage sale!
It's a filly with a horn and 1 wing... newlinechar  newlinechar ... [](/sp) newlinechar  newlinechar [](/ajbaffle) newlinechar  newlinechar 	[One-winged Alicorn?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7wJ8pE2qKU)
They can't invent a bot that searches for mirrors?	Mirror bot is watching you flip your videos.
I am using the client. There are 10 per row, 9 full rows and one with 8. I guarantee you, Draven is the 99th.	I rescind my comments, lol. I don't know what I'm smoking, but I was wrong. :P
I agree. Nothing good would come of telling her you cheated. Sure, you would get it off your chest but you really don't deserve that. Just break up with her now. Is there anywhere else you can stay until your lease is up?	Well it's my place, so that's not really an option.
Twilight fans:  I want a creepy, undead, psycho boyfriend who sparkles in the sun, thirsts for my blood, and watches me sleep at night.  	Twilight wasn't even mentioned in the post. Damn, do we have to drag this through the mud every *fucking* time another book / movie series is mentioned? Just let the horse be dead already.
What about queer women?	I guess it's more about how they identify and where they feel most comfortable. But I don't imagine them out in packs of 15, waving giant dildoes prior to their nuptials.  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: although I would like to see this happen at a hetero bar. 
i do that, but socal heat is relentless i go out for a 3-4 hour ride it is melted and warm in an hour	Fucking 98 degrees on angeles crest today. Ugh. 
I feel sorry for Belgians mistaken for Dutch or French all the time and to make matter worse some people think that they don't exist must be a tough life	Wait... they're not Dutch?
I have a laptop with an A8 and it runs hotter than Satan's butthole.	Shit, mine idles at ~32c
But I get a free t-shirt?	Define free...
Works for me. It does crash when you zoom in w/ CTRL+Scroll though.	And when you inspect it.
In case anyone is uneducated as to what 'bath salts' really are, here is a link newlinechar  newlinechar http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mephedrone	You are incorrect. [Here](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Methylenedioxypyrovalerone) is the correct information. newlinechar 
Unfortunately, a deck has to have at least 60 cards.	Welp, I guess I wasn't so clever after all...
Common misconception, northern nj doesn't actually smell, it is the pollution from manhattan blowing across the Hudson.  And as for the landscape, it isn't a concrete wasteland, it's very green and lush. It's just when you get closer to NYC that it gets uglyish and polluted	Nice try NJ tourism board member.
Oh man. I just got done with my first year of Quiz Bowl and you wouldn't *believe* the amount of times I've done that through the year. It never gets any less surprising or entertaining.	You just have to get good at passing it off like you knew it all along.  A little 'Yeah, that's right bitches' smirk and you're in the other team's heads.
Food safe in my tent while Im not around?	I have never heard of anyone messing with food. It is usually stuff like cell phones, wallets, cameras, drugs etc. that get stolen when people aren't at their tents.
it kills me to look at this photo sorry about your camera	Not mine personally, one of work's two EX1 cameras.  Luckily LCD still works, just need the mount &amp; harness ('ribbon cable'). newlinechar  newlinechar Parts back ordered at Sony, but I'm hopping it is up &amp; running in a couple weeks.
Mine's Vinyl Scratch!  Are you interested in brony dubstep?	yeah, I like every kind of music except Skrillex. so much sound, it's annoying 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CaErSsfX94c	Day 9 bitch.
Obviously. No one is above average. That's why it's called 'Average'. Because it's an impossible-to-beat figure.	I'm pretty sure they all get beat at some point
&gt;My sister got **engaged** last night. This little man helped her **fianc** propose. newlinechar  newlinechar Pretty sure she did. 	OOOOOOH LOGIC BURN
[Excessive blinking is a well-known indicator of someone who is lying.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Body_language) newlinechar  newlinechar Watch that guy's show. He blinks like someone is blasting him in the eye with a supersoaker full of blinker fluid.	Could be stage-lights and sweating, though.
I really REALLY like your eyebrows. 	Thank you! I just recently started filling them in a little bit :)
belongs in /r/banana  newlinechar  newlinechar edit:it IS in /r/banana...	This actually wasn't from /r/banana its from a subreddit dedicated to people who draw on bananas and make things out of bananas during reddit downtime (no joke I'll post the subreddit name once I can get to my FB and see the link I posted to it)
that is so **RANDOM!** newlinechar  newlinechar *holds up spork*	God dammit. I hate this with all of my passion. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Don't hate me cuz I'm bi lol.
Their Canadian. 	They're would be acceptable as well.
I'll be a disciple!	http://i.imgur.com/LpHDU.jpg
Notice the silhouettes of what looks like Chaos Knight, Gyro and PA in the bottom left corner of the site! 	Three new heroes soon? That means... three heroes next two weeks or so... 1.5 heroes per week... 1.5... 1.5 is half of 3! half of... 3... HALF LIFE 3 EVERYONE!
TIL there are some hideously quick and clever people hanging around on reddit...	It's finals. newlinechar  newlinechar People would rather search every Oscar Wilde quote than write one sentence of their term papers. newlinechar  newlinechar That's why I'm here. 
I believe they usually are banners, but in LA they are banned.	I see what you did there.
The sponge block had a purpose a while ago. It could suck up water around it. I do agree that the ocean needs to be changed.	I do remember that, back when I played classic before being able to afford a beta account. My disappointment at the sponge's removal was most dire.
Take that, copyright restrictions!	Shit wait. Am I not allowed to upload this? 
Nice shoes nice shirt, now it's time for igreja WOOaaawo.	Ningum vai  igreja... Esses jovens.. ;p
If Reddit has taught me one thing, it's: never, ever, no matter how hot, stick your dick in crazy. 	...more than once.
Damage Done is excellent, but for me The Gallery takes the cake.  Its the only one that truly nails that old Melodeath atmosphere I love.	Yeah that's a good one too. I think Damage Done has a huge nostalgic value for me because it was the first really good metal that I found. 
[Nope,](http://b.thumbs.redditmedia.com/Vxm1zWOFEkWjNz8C.jpg) that'd be like 9 or so. 	[](/allthespidey)
Gurnee, IL if I'm not mistaken.  	Yes you are correct.
I'm legally blind and it doesn't help me at all. CAPTCHA is pretty much the bane of my existence. I have noidea why they dont' use contextual images like, 'Which image is a man looking amused?'	How would that help a blind person?
I think there is a very large Balkan/Eastern European community in the Chicagoland area.  I'm amazed that there aren't more Mexicans there.  Chicago has a very big Mexican community too.  	Just wait until the Mexico v Brazil game in Dallas on Sunday. The 80,000 seat Cowboy's Stadium is already sold out.
*911*	*never forget*
TIL a toilet brush can double as a washcloth.	You can also wipe your butt with a baseball bat and a sock.
It should be easy enough to do, the real question is, what are the islanders going to do in 20 years when sea levels rise..	Of course that is if you believe sea levels are rising?  Plus not all islands are flat. We are looking at islands that have height to the tune of 200 to 1,000 feet so, i think we will be OK.  
I like to think there are a lot of really good soccer commercials too. 	[Oh definitely](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSggaxXUS8k). The one directed by [Guy Ritchie](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tc3PZ3Im5aQ) is great as well.
Next ~~game~~campaign: fighting a conquering demon army, led by Orcus.	That would be the proper follow up: fighting their way out of hell against the armies of Orcus. Needs a love interest, though, and something political. Also, since this is the second part, it will be epic. Followed by a let down for the third installment.
*pulls pants off* newlinechar  newlinechar I'm ready.	Wow...  Just... newlinechar  newlinechar This has made me laugh harder than anything I've seen on r/funny's front page all day.
I bet you love it when people slip things in. ;)	Looks like they kinda jammed it in there to me. *nudge nudge* *wink wink*
is that what you're calling your dick these days?	well, my dick could sink a battleship.
no way dude...	I am almost sure John himself hated it.  newlinechar  newlinechar Obviously a matter of taste though. 
You could always get a negroplasty.	Sheeeeeeetttttt
He is willing to share. After all, he did nekkid posts on tumblr. I'm sure he'd allow me to post here as well.	You just made a lot of ladies and dudes very happy. Send us your husbands naked tumblr goodness!
'THEY'RE DROPPING LIKE FLIES ON SHIT OVER HERE!'	'I NEED SOME MOTHER FUCKING AMMO!'
...my carseat arrives tomorrow! Lol. One week to go.	Haha, I got our carseat 12 hours before my water broke. Mine came early!
Well off the top of my head we've got China, Florida, New Jersey (listed in this article) and Maryland. Throwing out the outlier of China, we've got absolutely no pattern at all.	And Vincent Li, Winnipeg,CA...  He is getting supervised leave from the center he was detained at.  A few years ago, he decapitated and partially ate a passenger on a bus.   :-\ 
That's still 2,000 people to grade. Assuming you spent 30 seconds per student grading them, that's still 16.7 hours of work.	A fine point you make.  You must be a teacher, ANAL_ANARCHY
Yeah, paints have been dropping for a while now. Not all of them though. The wiki should tell you methods of obtainability of all of the paints.	Got it. I'll have to arrange an edit to the wiki.. it says the brown I just got is not dropped.
All those reasons are things that sound like they would be awesome in Minecraft, especially the part about squid attacks.	agreed :B random testificate sailors being attacked by killer squids during a flood
Man fuck 'em. I love Bimmers. Thinking about picking up a used one myself. 	They usually see the error of their ways when I show them the dash showing it's done over 175,000 miles. They are more expensive to service but I've been very happy with my 2003 320D Tourer.
Hey, if you've got something to trade, I'd be more than happy to gift you the bundle	Don't think I have much. I have some Xbox time and some TF2 items but that's about it 
Just to point out, Engineering at UofM skips U1	Only if you get direct admission. newlinechar  newlinechar It really makes no difference. You just apply at the end of 1st year after taking the same courses. newlinechar  newlinechar (O Eng Orientation that makes direct admission worth it)
Oh... thank god.  I was considering having a t-shirt made.  Or at least some custom boxers.	Honestly? Get the t-shirt. You can't be too careful.
I quit eating taco bell after eating my first real mexican meal, and discovering that not only did it taste 10x better, but I only spent about 2/3 of what I would have spent at tbell.	Well in all honesty I don't think taco bell had ever claimed to be authentic Mexican cuisine. It's shitty, cheap and fast. 
yeah were both due the 11th right. And at this point I welcome him early I just want him to be healthy.	i am also due jully 11th and this is scaring me, makes it feel so close/ real!  just wanna wish you the best of luck chicka, keep us updated! 
Holy shit, I didnt even notice that the first time.	I just attributed it to the iceberg rolling over first time i saw it.
My friend works at a production facility where they make and bottle different types of sauces, jellies, etc. He told me that the recipe is actually different between the different size bottles they use.	The same goes for beer, you can't just can a brew that's made for bottles. 
I really liked it! Good job! 	Thank you, it's really appreciated.
/r/spaceclop is even worse.	Dude now you know I'm going to have to click that link. Why the fuck are you doing this to me. newlinechar  newlinechar Ok...ok...here goes nothing....I mean how bad can it possiOOOOOOOOOOMG....WTF is wrong with you. 
You are such a hot little slut! I would love to see that tight little pussy take a cock.	Hahah that's definitely on my list ;). But first I have to show you all my tight slit before I fill it with a nice hard cock now don't I? ;)
This series of comments was like a depressing train wreck. Not that there's any other kind of trainwreck...	What if it's a train wreck of confetti? 
That's one thing I don't like about this subreddit: there's usually little-to-no context. I hope we seem level-headed and not obnoxious assholes	here's the context: OP only posted this picture and has had an account for 2 hours. never posted anything else ever. Maybe this is all bullshit. newlinechar  newlinechar This may be the source: http://www.wife.org/man-is-not-a-plan.htm newlinechar  newlinechar but it seems to stem from an old saying: http://financiallybrilliantwomen.com/2011/10/20/1-mistake-women-make-money/
PRECIOUS! What's her name? I love the grey mane-like colors. 	Her name is Lady Grey. 
Going to assume that was sarcastic, but just in case it wasn't; someone commenting on how large your penis is can be an ego-boost so that's a pretty 'awesome' moment (especially for socially awkward/shy/insecure people). Then replying and saying you've seen plenty of dicks bigger than yours...is really fucking awkward.	Who doesn't watch porn?
Me thinking I was emo as fuck at 15. Just got my lip pierced in my room, and that is a razorblade-shaped pendant I have on. http://imgur.com/AxEL5	I could see why you would be emo... *you had no soul*
Yo *Andrew Zavala*!!! xD (j/k), might be better to go heavier on the airbrushing tool... just sayin... :D	yeah i realized that about an hour ago lol rookie mistake
Self posts are for here---&gt;www.reddit.com/r/ladybonersgw newlinechar  newlinechar Sorry =(	I'm a newb here. Show some love ---&gt; [; )](http://www.reddit.com/r/ladybonersgw/comments/ueuso/i_was_told_this_might_be_enjoyed_here_what_do_you/)
You must not have seen much gay sex.	I have, and let me tell you, wrestling is *far* from gay sex.
Some good on links newlinechar  newlinechar **Edit**: although, perhaps that was a tongue-in-cheek reference to being asleep/awake? :-\	At first it made me think I was going mad.
Being tech ignorant / challenged is one thing. Being a total jerk to somebody who legitimately wants to help you is another.	True, I cant really remember anyone who was ever downright an asshole to me. Cant say they didnt turn around and throw me under a bus to the people on the phone or actlike assholes to them. I know first hand how people can be after working that job.
I got that beat: Indiana Jones and something about the crystal skull	The what about what? newlinechar  newlinechar Everyone knows he rode off into the sunset with his dad, now both mostly immortal. Put a little mustard on mine Captain Crazy.
Me and my girlfriend are opposite. Although I find it incredibly awkward to thrust in time to anything with a heavy beat.	Those double bass pedals will get ya.
And if you are allergic it cures your hiccups permanently. 	You sir are hilarious.
We can do it all, we just need to get a boat and head to international waters where all this shit is legal. Or Mexico.	It will be the greatest Reddit meet up of all time!
For the love of god tell me CRF is Centralia Resistance Force...	I fought them for 6 long months, but in the end I saw the merits of their cause.
my school had 2 required semesters of gym, and they were completely useless. newlinechar  newlinechar Taking gym classes will never make you thin, even if it's just running every damn day. Diet is the single most essential part to getting thin. newlinechar 	I know exactly where you were coming from. Curriculum designers don't realize what a joke gym classes actually are. The coaches just focus on the already athletic kids while the not-so-athletic kids are left to their own devices.
$	More like $$$^$^$^$^...
It's too rustled at this point. Only dreams now	[i offered but tehy didnt want any its homemade to so it just hruts my felings](http://www.reddit.com/r/redditrequest/comments/udbwm/requesting_rblackfathers/c4uixvs?context=3)
Hey guys, how about this super funny joke about narwhals and bacon. It's funny, really!	That doesn't sound at all obnoxious or juvenile! I'm in!
better than fankhouser's?	Shit, his are great too haha
Why would it suck for the painters? They get paid again. They're working on commission. They know what's going to happen going in. Steady work is more important than pride, I'd imagine. Besides, people take pictures of it. It's immortalized regardless.	Fun fact: The painters are getting paid by the job and/or hour. Sales people who get a percentage of the total goods they sell are paid by commission.  newlinechar But that's a good point: more work is not bad for the painters. 
Oh yes, pony colored! When it comes in I'll post it, but it takes a few months.	Sweet, I'd like that. A few months from the order date?
Do you know what happened to the woman after that? 	I don't know. Back in the day, she was locked up in a state prison. But this is the kind of thing that vanishes from media quickly, so the whereabouts are unknown.
vines work but ladders stop arrows and signs don't take up a whole block so you'd be able to click around it and access the dispenser anyways. vines do work though which is pretty cool considering they're more likely to fit in than webs in a dungeon/temple setup. 	I think vines and webs could fit equally well in the right places, people would just have to get into the habit of putting them in their builds more often.
Is it pronounced Bris-bun? Or Bris-bain? newlinechar  newlinechar I am an American.	Bris-ben newlinechar  newlinechar Source: I live in Australia and ride a kangaroo
[](/a02)I don't know why my first reaction was to go find the color code for Flitter/Cloud Chaser newlinechar  newlinechar CABDF3	Hey, everyone's got a pony they like. No crime in it being a background character.
Oohh one downvote!?! Bring it on saber fencers!!! newlinechar 	Take my stinkin' epee upvotes.
Just re-read the original image... :/	so you go in thread comments without really know what they are about? 
That reminds me of another question I had, is there much bear in Newfoundland? It may sound like a dumb question, but I was just curious	i've heard tell of black bears, and seen black bears and a garbage dump round gander, but off hand i don't think i've heard of them inside towns and whatnot
It's greed. You don't need an expensive instrument, and it's not worth going to jail.	'You don't need an expensive instrument' truer words have never been spoken. Got an Epiphone Les Paul 100, very cheap guitar. I love it. The sounds you can get out of it are amazing.
And Vincent Li, Winnipeg,CA...  He is getting supervised leave from the center he was detained at.  A few years ago, he decapitated and partially ate a passenger on a bus.   :-\ 	Yep I remember that one, because I was traveling to meet someone in Canada via bus a few weeks after it happened and my mom was freaked out. But I was focusing on the past couple of weeks. All in all cannibalism isn't the rarest thing in this world.
and Merry... ;_;	:'( and Whitebeard.
D3? 73 int,  24 dex, 95 str, 5% chance to knock up your girlfriend. 	Blizzard take note. This is how you make a legendary item.
####SPODERMAN! SPODERMON! CAME IN LE PANTS DID SPODERMAN!	[*Accually dolan*](/morky)
I fought them for 6 long months, but in the end I saw the merits of their cause.	Sir, this account just made my night. So hard. CENTRALIA FOREVER.
That's what rule 34 is for.	hehehe... 
GBA emulator or a game it advance micro and get friends of mineral town. 	I already did this but you can only play FoMT for so long before you have tried everything in it sadly.
Well a loan is good for building credit. 	A loan is only good for building credit if you pay it back.
im in san bernardino it was pretty much the same. its good to develop those razor sharp tan lines though haha	The nice thing about SoCal is you can keep them razor sharp, all year long
Shit wait. Am I not allowed to upload this? 	Oh, ahaha, that's not what I meant.  newlinechar  newlinechar It's just that at the beginning of the game, they tell you that the engine won't generate copyrighted images, and you seem to have subverted that. 
Urinals?  Don't poop in those.	[Yes, this chain pleases me.](http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m02y7uDp9p1qj1nsl.gif)
Sorry to be a douche but it is definitely a cantata not an opera. Big difference. 	please, for the love of god and all that is holy MY ANUS IS BLEE- please explain the difference.
He hasn't actually directed anything since Star Wars I-III.	Yeah, but Crystal Skull is still his fault.
JOKES ON YOU newlinechar  newlinechar I've already had that joke made on me multiple times.. ;_;	But did you watch it? ;)
I had no idea about that, i just saved your comment.	You may find [this page](http://www.reddit.com/comments/6ewgt/reddit_markdown_primer_or_how_do_you_do_all_that) to be of interest.
[I think it was something like this.](http://xkcd.com/1022/) newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: I'm glad you did, it was fun.	One day we will only speak in XKCD links. Everyone will know each comic by the number so they don't have to click the url.
Original Poster (of the post the thread belongs to)	I see. I am new to redditt. 
NO! Just No. &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232; newlinechar 	it was bad, but it was also good. life can be bittersweet sometimes.
&gt;Niagara Falls newlinechar  newlinechar Niagara Falls is in Canada.	Part of the falls are in the US as well. 
It'll be okay mate. They don't look nearly as good in a big smoking pile of scrap.	Words spoken of a true Terran.
[According to Rotten Tomatoes](http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/safe_house_2012/), it was pretty good. If you're interested in the film, I'd say go for it. 	You always say that. :P
Math!	I was told there would be none.
I think that was a jab at Giselle.	Nerdy discussions are much more fun than the usual snarky jab. If you're right...well.  newlinechar  newlinechar Guess I'll make my way back to [/r/asoiaf](/r/asoiaf) 
Would this kill the Hamster? 	This kills the hamster.
I have this whole coloring book in PDF, and a rendition that I colored myself hanging above my computer at work. As a soon-to-be-attorney, it's refreshing to know that some of us still have a sense of humor! Edit: [Here's the link!]( http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;ved=0CGIQFjAA&amp;url=http%3A%2F%2Fpdf.textfiles.com%2Fposters%2Flawyercoloringbook.pdf&amp;ei=Aw_IT57_NMqM6QHgsYQY&amp;usg=AFQjCNGLMtRZrhfAGSoIHp1c7cxJI60H9A)	Saw it [here](http://officespam.chattablogs.com/archives/2006/08/coloring-book-for-lawyers.html)
I'm pretty sure they all get beat at some point	real fact
Are there any other sweet candies or drinks that are from North Carolina that I should review?	More Cheerwine.
Unix uses it. :)	I think I've found my people lol
Resherkerd Barterhs	Am a sherk made of derk terp
Who put all these onions in my desk!	don't blame the onion delivery boy, you had a choice as to whether or not to start cutting them. newlinechar 
Remarkable creatures.	Lovely plumage.
A few more -  newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/dcknY.jpg newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/BE0o3.jpg newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/0rK2m.jpg	63rd Annual Primetime Emmy Awards :)
What if it's a train wreck of confetti? 	Or a train full of candy? With no casualties?
You sir are hilarious.	You sir are crazy like a fox.
I just thought I was the only one!	There... is..... another.... blinky.... user.... newlinechar *dies* newlinechar  newlinechar Does that make me the master then?
Just wait until the Mexico v Brazil game in Dallas on Sunday. The 80,000 seat Cowboy's Stadium is already sold out.	Closed stadium too. newlinechar  newlinechar So it should be extra loud.
'Culture war'?  Who are these people.	They're a tool for free publicity.
Yuck, beer. But still, it sounds like a good place! Hopefully it comes through, at least for the first meeting.	I'll be sure to let everyone know when I hear back from technicalpickles. So stay tuned.
so does any normal paper airplane?	'under 1 meter squared'
well, my dick could sink a battleship.	all hands on deck.
regarts.	fak u.
Of course that is if you believe sea levels are rising?  Plus not all islands are flat. We are looking at islands that have height to the tune of 200 to 1,000 feet so, i think we will be OK.  	Just be careful now, take a look here before you set up shop. http://flood.firetree.net/
Yes	Only if they're hot, amitrite o amirite?
[Actually, you're wrong.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=po3IaWq5kVI)	I stand corrected. It looked like they were putting on wallpaper from the original picture at first.
Add to that the Mexican commentators...this feels like I'm watching the greatest match ever lol	It is what it is dawg. That's how we roll, son.
6 http://steamcommunity.com/id/pas976	Nice job, you won, enjoy!
Looks like someone has gone through here and downvoted everything. Literally.   newlinechar [Idongeddit](http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m4n1a232qi1r44q7k.gif)	/r/saltlakecity has its own hate machine.
...and higher energy consumption, per-annum, per-capita, per-anything.	[There is massive variation amongst the emissions of developed countries](http://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=en_atm_co2e_pc&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=region&amp;idim=country:DEU:GBR:FRA:USA:CAN:SWE:AUS&amp;ifdim=region&amp;tdim=true&amp;tstart=-302490000000&amp;tend=1306882800000&amp;ind=false).
Her name is Lady Grey. 	Make sure you post pictures of her when she's older. I want to see how those colors grow out! :3 newlinechar 
here's the context: OP only posted this picture and has had an account for 2 hours. never posted anything else ever. Maybe this is all bullshit. newlinechar  newlinechar This may be the source: http://www.wife.org/man-is-not-a-plan.htm newlinechar  newlinechar but it seems to stem from an old saying: http://financiallybrilliantwomen.com/2011/10/20/1-mistake-women-make-money/	On *REDDIT*? Who would do such an abhorrent thing?
I can't even use the AH (buy/sell) or I get a '0 item in stash' error.	I'm getting the exact same thing, relogged a ton of times, didn't help. Been doing it all day, had a bunch of auctions that probably finished but I can't get at them or post anything new.
[](/p18)	[](/lb06)
Clop-clop, mothafucka	it's clip-clop. you're thinking of a certain subreddit, you sick mother fuckers.
So it's just something to get used to then? Thanks for the response by the way. 	I'd say that yes while bulking you'll have to get used to it.  Once you get to the weight you want you can back off on eating so much and you won't feel as bloated.
Yes	yes as in the lyrics or yes as in the band? newlinechar  newlinechar If it's the latter it's The Beatles.
no shit, he actually asked for malt vinegar to go with his steak. i almost had to step off line just to see what this guy looked like newlinechar 	*Shudder* newlinechar  newlinechar The stuff of nightmares. newlinechar  newlinechar Not sure if you've seen this bit by Ramsey, but it hits the money: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=809UNNTGDhM
dammit	I think you need a drink.
I love women. I will never understand them. Checkmate.	You don't love all women, and if you do, it's cause you've never had a relationship with one :P
Why the Hitler stache?	[Not a Hitler stache.](http://imgur.com/qGMHw)
it'll happen! if not this month, then next month, if not next month then the one after! don't let it get you down. be confident that you have something to give the world that people (females in particular) want :)	The last person I asked out was three years ago, me And her haven't spoken since. I'm just not confident with girls.
Also...  Don't bother asking JaGeX for help.  They won't do anything.  (personal experience)	Yes, I posted something on there once and haven't heard even a word like 'we can't help you' or anything like that. newlinechar  newlinechar It has been like 6-7 months since the posting.
Dang, you should file a bug report or something. Unless forced suicide by Telepill is supposed to be a feature of the game.	Probably not; suicide by pill is exclusive to a different McMillen game.
[Link to thread I posted.](http://www.reddit.com/r/tomhiddleston/comments/ueqze/suburban_shootout_comedy_show_this_is_the_third/) newlinechar  newlinechar [Direct link to video.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?NR=1&amp;feature=endscreen&amp;v=Dgn4hxsiDa4)	You are amazing!!! And oh my god, this is like Desperate Housewives with guns... newlinechar  newlinechar 'I'll shoot your bosoms off you silly woman!' New favorite line...
I would imagine, but I am sure he has gotten nicer with age. :)	Oh I know he has. Met him again briefly but my story was in the days where we could have lunch together and so on.
No, they're all the same person, remember? They're just alts of andrewsmith, just like everyone else on Reddit.	Shut up andrew smith i know its you.
http://i.imgur.com/dOcGT.gif	http://officeforward.com/main/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/kfcbball.gif
I dont even.....I......Upvote.	You asked for it motherfucker
It's a sad state we're in when opposing the bullying of gay teenagers is 'liberal issue'.	if we're going to cherry pick words out of Endo's post, I would prefer to take it as an 'intellectual issue'. If you are against human rights, and are a human, you're stupid.
Those who are following Zuko rules are sure to be dead very quickly	&gt;One drink for Zuko talking about reclaiming his Honor. newlinechar  newlinechar Oh man, the first season would be *horrible*.
no.... not Burnett's... never again. 	agreed. never again.
I'd be happy if that was the whole AMA. Better than rampart. 	It is known.
Where is Sure_Ill_Draw_That when you need him?!	Hell, I'd settle for Shitty_Watercolour
Oh I thought you were just being pretentious.	No it is awesome. 
Wow, this is the dumbest thing I've ever read. I also don't trust mechanics because they charge me money to fix my car. I can rebuild a carburetor myself! newlinechar  newlinechar I don't have an issue with journalists needing money to afford to live.	The huffington post doesn't pay its journalists. 
It could just be a cadaver used for med school students. 	Oh that would be a nice ending... I really must stop thinking I can handle the NSFL links. 
I have no idea what that means 	It took a couple of readthroughs, but my guess is that tacojohn420 is lamenting the misuse of Diamond Dallas Page's WWE run, and is probably very high.
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3pj5qf/	HIS brother... not the girl's!
And no sexy times were had that day	Yeah, my imaginary wife's a bitch. newlinechar 
Heh, a Level 127 enchant might be a bit overpowered.  Though the opportunities for comedy would be legendary. newlinechar  newlinechar Knockback 127: Players go flying newlinechar  newlinechar Fortune 127: Dozens of diamond explode out of blocks newlinechar  newlinechar Feather Falling 127: Perfect for skydiving	All of a sudden, Skyrim? newlinechar Well, that's what it makes me think of.   newlinechar Not a bad idea to borrow from it though.
No, what he needs to do is yell 'Yes! Third time's the charm!' when they say 2012, and go back in 2013 and ask them the same question and yell 'Dammit, this is the second time that's happened!' when they respond with 2013. Would fuck with them so badly.	This. This is goddamn genius.
french canadian accent yes and its horrible xd	I'd like to be the judge of that.  =)
What about the failure of a television series, Minecraft X. 	I prefer the one where Urkel voiced Steve.
There's really /r/pokefake and /r/fakemon?  This seems unneccessary...	well, there are multiple subreddit clones...
This seems like a very specific issue.. I commend you on seeking help, and i hope someone on here has experience, but do seek out professional help! Your mental health is more important than your fitness performance.	Thank youu. It's hard for me to wholly believe that fitness &lt; mental health, but logically it is 100% true.. 
Well thanks for that. I really hope you enjoy!	Thank you! It's really cool to be able to provide feedback to authors directly. Gotta love reddit!
All whilst looking effortlessly sarcastic, I imagine? 	We'll need pictures of course. For science.
Man at least you drove home, I went to work straight after my final exam and been working full time since then....	At least you have a job in this economy.
I had a waitress ask me to not give birth before the appetizers...and I was like 'Oh well I'm only 5 months' and she gave me a look of horror and went 'Oh. Wow.' and just walked off!	Yeah, that sucks. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm sorry.  *Hug*.
Yes. She's voiced by Grey DeLisle, who does a great job of voicing her as an arrogant bitch. It's awesome. 	I've been amazed by the quality of voice acting for the female wizard.  It's almost disappointing to know that if I go and roll another character it won't be as good, because I've already heard the best.
well, I mean maybe the cannibalism doesn't result in death.  Maybe, they just eat the volunteer's arm or something... idk	Your Honor, I only nibbled him. 
You are incorrect. [Here](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Methylenedioxypyrovalerone) is the correct information. newlinechar 	cool..l thanks. People should at least be educated about what they may or may not consume.
I would, but I'm too scared of getting a pet and then either forgetting to feed it or having it be lonely when I'm not around.	Dont let fear stop you from doing something you want to do. It feels good to take care of an animal. I suggest 2 cats because they keep each other company. Of course if you dont really want a pet thats a different story. Just think about it.
Just in tips? Damn girl.	The tip is only approximately 20% of the penis. So that means 80% more customers are needed to make a dollar. newlinechar  newlinechar Trust me, i'm an entgineer.
You mean horse doovers?	Paul Jennings fan?
The astronomer in me just came. The gamer in me just came. The soldier in me just came. newlinechar  newlinechar It's like a nerdy orgy in here.	3 guys just came in you?  Not my kind of orgy, thanks.
that does sound like a hard part	Don't worry I got you. 
Say it... I'm going limp!!! newlinechar  newlinechar HAARRRRRRRR	I just can't believe the person played along for so long. 
but how do you know you exist? perhaps you are just a figure of your imagination newlinechar 	Well because I'm with my fiance here, and she says... oh shit... what if she's part of my imagination... gently caress my life!
Can we see the data?	[Results](http://imgur.com/a/KuKs5), again, I would like to thank you all. I have more results than I needed. I also need a premium account to view more then 100 survey results. Sorry about that.
We have ourselves a heel toe badass over here. 'in my civic' WHA?	I just blew beer through my nose, thanks!
The Soviets were invited by the Afghan Government. Just like the Americans were invited by the South Vietnam Government.	We were invited! There was a picnic! Tea was served!
Hey, game's creator here. It's a little of both, the structure and content from the original is there, but everything has been completely reimagined and there's a bunch of new stuff besides. I'm guessing total play time will be at least twice as long as the first game's.	Who did the narration of the teaser trailer? I'd play any game with that voice in it. o.o
Ahh so thats what you look like, you don't look that young to me. Of course I'm only 21 and you look about the same age as me.  [Well here I am] (http://i.imgur.com/bsBrQ.jpg). 	Now if only viwrastupr would share his picture ...
I think that's included in 'not being able to give fucks', as in they literally can't fuck anymore.	I snort laughed.
This is fantastic!  Now every time I see a stranger who I've noticed several times in other places, I can only assume that they're my long lost half-brother.	And that your parents are nearby, fucking another couple.
Then there's no sideloading of apps... newlinechar  newlinechar Say goodbye to your favourite open-source projects.	There is no Sideloading for Metro apps, the desktop apps will continue to be sideloaded.  Windows on ARM is the only exception to that rule. newlinechar  newlinechar As for open source projects, [Microsoft allows them to be published in the marketplace.](http://www.extremetech.com/computing/108551-windows-8-store-will-allow-open-source-apps-unlike-ios-and-mac)
As a database developer thinking these same things every time i read a post like the op's, here is a big internet hug for that very well written post.	DBA Hi5!
Oops, you're on her account.	I couldn't let this karma go to waste! 
No.  Way.   newlinechar  newlinechar What was wrong with her?	I have no idea.  I was only with her the once, but she had the most rock-hard tits I've ever experienced.  It was shocking and horrifying.
If you think somebody painting their face black is 'fuckin hilarious', there's a fairly good chance you're fuckin retarded. 	Hey! Them's fightin' words!
[We all know that feel](http://i.imgur.com/9Iqmq.png)	[Fixed](http://i.imgur.com/akicU.png)
I personally prefer teas (that's what we call them around here) because ladies like to drink fruity things that don't taste like they contain copious amounts of alcohol. That's how it's been since the dawn of time.	I prefer a lady that can handle her booze, than one that needs a sugary drink. It speaks a lot about their character.
You'll pay for that.	Careful, let's not tread into spoiler territory. It might make some people so mad......they see *red*.
Davidmoose is a UGC admin, so we'll see what the admins are thinking. It may take a bit of debate first though.	I think they're already debating on allowing the Reserve Shooter and Machina, they'll probably just add the Enforcer to the trial as well. newlinechar  newlinechar And maybe this will create a void in the banlist that can only be filled by the Wrangler. :D
The IPhone app I use doesn't have an edit option.	Alien Blue? newlinechar Edit: it lets me edit. See, SEE!
I'm 19, I am not vulgar at all, but I've grown up around it both at home and at school. I'm past being worried about our generation, I have just accepted the fact that a majority are pretty stupid.	According to South Park, at least 1/4 of the population is retarded. Who can argue with that logic?
It's hilarious that they'd even bother in a sub like this.	Well considering that some of those retards REPORT posts saying the word 'nigger', i wouldn't be surprised if they did the same for this image
Statistics teacher at first year of college... newlinechar  newlinechar God *damn* that woman, her ass, and her sweet sweet maths	Professor Slater? I hear she doesn't date students. 
I don't give two shits what shape they are in. The flavor changed from the original spheres. Fuck Trix. 	OH GOD IT'S TRUE. I'VE SAID IT LIKE 5 TIMES IN THIS POST AND I'M STILL EXTREMELY UPSET. THEY ARE NO LONGER INDIVIDUAL FRUIT FLAVORS. YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE WHO UNDERSTANDS THE REAL CRIME HERE.
Watch movies. Yeah, everyone know he doesnt practice 3 hours a day.. It's just common sense. You really think he can compete with people that would put 4x the amount of time and effort in?	Yeah don't worry about him. He has activities.
Babies can't make choices, silly.	Exactly so why would we do something to them that really should have their consent on? 
Yeah, they're definitely going out of business, you know, being 3rd largest in software revenue behind Microsoft and IBM with a $36b revenue.	He didn't say that they are, just that he can't wait until they do.
Perhaps the EURO will give them a sort of wake-up call? newlinechar 	The first match is against Portugal. They really needed to have their act together before that game.
I don't know if this will help but they may know what else you can do. Good luck, I hope your kitten makes it. http://www.animaltrustees.org/services/emergency_care	This is amazing, thank you so much!! I'm calling first thing in the morning.
####NICE TRY, VIVALOCAAA!~~~	####NIGGERY TRY, FAGGOT\_ASSCOCKS!~~~
Please, Super-Dutys are for hauling and trailering. Enough with small penis and your vehicle choice thing. newlinechar  newlinechar edit:or because they are cool and just want to drive a truck	Just out of morbid curiosity. If a male who drives a big truck is stereotyped as having a small penis, what is the stereotype for a female that drives a big truck? newlinechar  newlinechar I am hesitant about asking this, I am not sure I really want the answer.
Real proof, please.  Doctors paperwork, something like that. 	Not sure how I can provide solid proof of this, other than the link to the forum where people are describing basically the exact same thing as myself. It seems to be an unknown condition but sufferers from it have called it PATM (People Allergic To Me).
I can confirm there was a double xp weekend.	Thank you! :D
tava a comer chourio a ver isto, muito bom	Eu tambm. ;P
But will it be the last?	Are you getting mouthy?
'Ten' is Vegas slang for bet.   newlinechar That's not true. I just made that up.	It's true, I heard it from someone on reddit.
He didn't learn to program for this case, but he did learn Java in particular. Made for a rather amusing moment a week or two ago when he called out Oracle's lawyers on the absurdity of one of their arguments regarding RangeCheck.	This is seriously amazing.
Yep that is her! lol and she does have a little grey underneath but not much. here is a album of her a week or so ago. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar http://imgur.com/a/kmY83	Auuugh, so cute. My rescue group has a glut of smoke-gray kittens right now and I can't get enough of them. 
You reddit and you learn. That's why I never post anything. Unless I made it. Or I know for certain who the source is, and link to it.	So, all the time then?
at 2:25, it sounds like a Synclavier rendition of Night School, but with very different orchestration / patches / whatever; it doesn't sound like the Jazz from Hell version.  Anyone know what that is?	I believe it's the version from *Ensemble Modern Plays Frank Zappa: Greggery Peccary &amp; Other Persuasions* -- it's a 2003 album similar to *Yellow Shark* with renditions of Night School, Peaches en Regalia, and others. newlinechar  newlinechar The footage shown with it seems to be unrelated.
On that note: grills for their teeth!	I love rap, hated that fad from the beginning.  'Look how much money I have, I have gold in my mouth.'
I think I understand, the friends I have in my new town (recently moved) think gambling is bad, so I can never find someone to gamble with, whether its casino or just with friends, no matter how much the buy in is. 	I never understood the point of chance games. If I win something I want it to be due to my skills or my sexyness.
Forgiven. Just pay closer attention next time as to not hurt undeserving feelings. :'/	That upvote was a remote brohug, bro
What unnecessary risk? 	They could crash into someone while bitching about the 'truckasaurus'.
His make mine seem Lazy	Word.
&gt;miles of km away  newlinechar  newlinechar This part makes my ocd'ness start twitching. (science teacher here, I confess)	I'm not a teacher of any sort and I still twitch when I read it.
He ate a million dollars. poor bastard.	No, I read the bag.. I saved it because I wanted the bar code, i thought maybe if I called and complained they might send me more candy. lol. I should have taken a picture.
it's cs_assault...	fuck &gt;.&lt;
Depends on what you are in the mood for. :P	Any mood is the right one for burritos.
Stickers....shudder	Is it odd that I like the stickers? It's sorta like a memory from the original owner to me. I could spank my own stickers on it, and it the guitar sorta becomes a story. ^or ^^I ^^^am^^^^spouting ^^^^^crap.
I have around 600 resist/ 11k armor / 38k hp.  I still die a lot.  I'm actually playing around with a ranged barb build.  It's decent for group play but not solo.   I just don't know what else to do. :(	I have almost 800 resist 11k armor and 42k hp, still cant do act2 elite packs :(
There are always 'What tea should I try?' people on here. I think a really good website that explains what each tea is like, and which brands are best would be useful.	Maybe a sort of tagging system that describes the 'feel' of certain teas so that similar teas can be linked together in a 'if you liked X you might like Y'. Not sure what tags could be maybe something like 'sweet' or 'high caffeine'.
I had one hurt so much once that every time I sat down to pee, my whole body would kinda seize up. It was a bit like getting a mild shock :/	It hurts to not pee, it hurts to pee. Then you start peeing blood. WORST. EVER.
That's what I loved playing the rapper. He was sturdy as hell	AWW HELL NO.
Yeah because girls NEVER watch porn.	They don't poop either!
Wait... There! Turn!	Bravo
.	Okay, this combined with the sexual issues... You can do so much better. There are men out there who aren't paranoid about someone eating $4 worth of their produce who would love nothing better than to make you cum all over their face. 
Camby newlinechar 	You are correct newlinechar  newlinechar http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/vault/article/magazine/MAG1007564/index.htm
Guest bathroom at work. I punched in, seen this, got a raise for cleaning it . newlinechar It was a shitty job. 	what a pain in the ass
Now if only viwrastupr would share his picture ...	That would be interesting... 
[Suddenly, insecurity. ](http://i.imgur.com/OpsSB.jpg) 	is that a fucking GIF???!?!??!!??!?!?! You can't fuck with me like that man
D'aww thank you gorgeous! But really though! I am jealous of your looks :|	There's no reason for that! I honestly think that you are more gorgeous than I am. 
It's the face, man!  Freeze frame, ROLL CREDITS.... mother of god!!!	Now walk outside, on your porch or something. No lights on. And tell me you don't see that face every-fucking-where.
I'm a meat-eater who has never had tofu, but I'm curious. What kind should I have for the first time?	This is actually quite a hard question as each dish is prepared a different way.  Do you like spicy?  if so an all around good one is Ma Po Tofu
I feel like a hipster who likes an unknown band that's getting popular.	Dreaming is soo mainstream. 
It was a prank... she got a little embarrassed, people laughed, she seemed like a good sport about it.  All in good fun... because they're friends.	Apparently you need to go to university, this is a classic.
I just meant this as you saying it wouldn't happen and then later it does. I am also not the OP and know no one related to Bethesda in any way.	I have no clue why I thought you were the guy that said he got the DLC info. Sorry
The players are in control? How? Really? How does that work economically?!?!	Hulk doesn't have to sign a contract with us just because we've paid for a release clause.
It..had one.	My bad
I already did this but you can only play FoMT for so long before you have tried everything in it sadly.	Hehe true. There will be a new hm for 3ds coming out soon. I guess by Christmas this year. 
I agree. From your GPA, it's clear that you aren't a bad student. Let them know what's going on so they can work with you and help you. 	Yeah, I'll make sure to do that as soon as possible by calling them in the morning. 
I like the face!	actually, I'm not sure which teemo face is more shocking. This one or the one from the season 2 trailer. 
Derek?	Go back to bed, Harold.
Nothing really, just DUCKY BEING DEAD	oops I thought you had replied to a different one of my comments, that's why you always check the context kids!
I'm headed down to the Vivid festival tonight if anyone is interested in standing near each other looking at reddit on our phones! Just look for the girl with the purple hair.	A vivid haired girl at the vivid festival. That's pretty cool. 
TPM wasn't all bad--the Jedi scenes were fun and really fleshed out the universe. newlinechar  newlinechar edit: you know, guys, pointing out the (many) bad parts does not mean the good parts weren't any good	Midi-chlorians. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  Edit: It's a shame you're getting downvoted for voicing your opinions. Hear that, Reddit? A shame. _  newlinechar  newlinechar Personally my favorite part was that it actually used models.
He must prefer spies to headshot him to death rather than stab him. 	facestab.avi
Came in here to say this, I used to foster and rehab wild birds.  See if there's a sympathetic vet who'll get you some Cipro and syringes and show you how to dose him without aspirating him.  Sometimes vets will help you treat wildlife for free.	I'm pretty sure we used to dose amoxicillin tablets, ground up, diluted with water and administered with a plastic syringes.  I aspirated a bantam chick once- literally one of the saddest moments of my life- literally watched the exact moment life left this small creature.
;D aww yeah!	speaking of ways to kill a sexual mood...my dick can also sink battleships. 
Uh oh, Mr. Hard ass over here with 666 in his name is gonna kill me.	The 666 wont get you, the Mel Gibson will.
*The Next Day!* newlinechar  newlinechar [](/spitfire 'Uh, my head... And why does my mouth taste like... Apple Pie?')	*picks up peice of paper* newlinechar [](/sp) newlinechar [](/rdwut 'I... I think you ate Soarin's wife')
Any amount of feces is the #1 deal breaker. Look it up	You know, some people pay extra for that sort of stuff.
Thx! it is. We kind of have words to it which are awesome but not official yet. Mexico's anthem is powerful too.	Pardon the ignorance, but what's the name of your anthem?
Hey andrewsmith1986, try being a little bit better than worthless one of these days. 	Mind if I join in?  newlinechar  newlinechar andrewsmith1986, you are a scumsucking, lowlife, worthless, piece of garbage. Piss off. 
Yeah, I wouldn't mind if it was labeled right, but that's one of the big reasons why I use RES to turn off thumbnails.  I don't even want to see tiny versions of most of that.	Yeah, same here, but I think OP's point is that things aren't getting tagged correctly, if at all sometimes. I know that I've clicked on a few things with no warning and almost thrown up in my mouth.
I was showing the more technical sides of Minecraft with the JVM/etc	would be interested to read what you discussed in class.
shift-clicking... i don't have the patience to play without the ability to shift click items into chests.	oh man... the day i discovered that!  shift clicking... shift clicking everywhere!
That's*	He edited. YOU ARE A CHEATER, MY_INTERNET_POINTS.
i'm here because i'm **not** working. 	You're doing it wrong. 
Where's the free beer?	When I come to Portland for my tar and feathering I'll buy you one!
QWERTY(Live) newlinechar  newlinechar When i heard this song i thought Minutes to Midnight was going to be a heavier album. 	QWERTY is my go to pump up song
Wow...  Just... newlinechar  newlinechar This has made me laugh harder than anything I've seen on r/funny's front page all day.	If you're going to watch a movie you might as well get comfortable.
Which also makes him approximately 0x better than him at life.	Karma doesn't make you any better in life, or in this case, worse. newlinechar  newlinechar There is chance that he is a nice guy.
You guys are jumping the gun.  She's just being a concerned and responsible mother.  Basically, she's just taking her kid to Planned Parenthood.	Then what about my delicious dose of drama?? D: newlinechar  newlinechar But yeah, I know I'm exaggerating. It's more fun that way.
Bris-ben newlinechar  newlinechar Source: I live in Australia and ride a kangaroo	Oh I see, so it was option C then. Thanks!
I would like to inquire of this *'phase 2'* you speak of.	Phase 2 is the *anal* phase.
wat newlinechar  newlinechar ahri gets a skin already? newlinechar  newlinechar ... newlinechar  newlinechar ok who cares i dig it	She's been out for quite awhile now.
The huffington post doesn't pay its journalists. 	but it has ads all over, so someone's making money newlinechar  newlinechar also it's owned by AOL
Communicate!? What kinda of crazy... You must be from /r/sex.	You. I like you. 
He never fell.... :'(	Whitebeard's death: The man ,if anything was surely a monster , was hit by so and so bullets and cannonballs , but throughout his life as a pirate , 'not a wound of retreat scars his back' . (Jerked up man tears . Ah , the grandeur. :O )
I'd say that yes while bulking you'll have to get used to it.  Once you get to the weight you want you can back off on eating so much and you won't feel as bloated.	Thanks. I appreciate it newlinechar 
I call bullshit, the box on the bottom is way longer than the one on top.	I cropped them separately because with all the comments it wouldn't fit into one screenshot.
consider the actions of self before being placed in certain peril.	My dear sir, newlinechar  newlinechar Did you mean to transcribe one's self instead of self? newlinechar  newlinechar 
&gt;All of the heroes will be available free of charge. We believe restricting player access to heroes could be destructive to game design, so its something we plan to avoid. newlinechar  newlinechar 'Sup LoL.	And HoN!
Check out the black guy in the white shirt, I didn't think a human could stand up out of wreckage that fast...	if you watch the vid from the other angle, he doesnt get fully hit. I also think he wasnt African-Canadian. (or whatever)
There is one man in the Bible that is said to be 900 years old. I don't remember the source, so if I could get some backup that'd be great.	I think there are several, Moses was supposed to have gotten to 700 or something like that iirc. Is there anything that says this is even a little possible for humans?
Therein lies the question: where's the line between kin and not kin? It's a tricky question to answer.	There is a gradient between how related two animals are, but there is a distinct difference between 'your offspring' and 'not your offspring', which is what i meant when i said kin (used the wrong word, changing it now).
Not sure if for raineyrainey1000 or Emilia...	Both.
[You mean like this?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUifMExBCeY)	Sleep will not come easy tonight...
[](/lb06)	[](/xx30-f 'Shut up Luna.')
I don't think it's considered a grudge if he continually pisses you off	Touche.
You might be the only person in this 'discussion' that understands the entire picture.	Welcome to modern America. Shit is just too complicated for most people to bother. They'd rather just say 'this sucks!' and just assume everybody is either evil or stupid. 
I usually fill vodka to the beer line, then pepsi the rest of the way. Am I doing it wrong?	You're doing alcoholism very, very right.  newlinechar  newlinechar Keep up the good work.
Just like how it will never be Lupus :C	Shitty new guy here. Who are Omen/Lupus and what do they do?
More like [/r/ Ask Reddit:](http://reddit.com/askreddit) REDDIT HELP!! What's the best way to prank this guy who is trying to prank us?  Details inside...	Call the police, delete Facebook, hit the gym.
I don't really keep track of artists I just enjoy the art itself, wow I really should keep track because I can't name one.	One really great one in my opinion is [DJ Alex S](/http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NWd5x09gWoE), and another is his lesser known brother [Omnipony](/http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juN2g_ycuq4)
Part of the falls are in the US as well. 	Mostly in Canada. Either way, that's besides the point.
Awesome pic, but yeh...I won't be putting a link to your website on my desktop.	Yeah, I had the wrong style applied to the copyright text, thanks for lettiing me know...it's a lot less....gross now.  BTW, my site isn't some nexus of commercial activity....I wish. ;)
Fuck, what do I do?	Cry. Fat, manly tears.
Ahem. Eat shit Pitt.  newlinechar  newlinechar Besides that, congrats. 	You there, good madam, from where do you hail?  Me thinks you come from Motown, WV.
This is why we can't have nice things.	Because we feed the trolls?
Dead Pixels developer here. newlinechar  newlinechar I applied to Steam a few weeks ago, but I've still not heard back from them. If I do get on steam I will try my best to get keys to everyone that has bought the game elsewhere.	You're an awesome person, thanks. Really enjoying your game by the way.
[*Accually dolan*](/morky)	[*rly ranrar*](/pulto)
I prefer the one where Urkel voiced Steve.	CreePING AS usual, I see.
wait there was a DLC for arkham city? i guess console only?	There's a bunch.  newlinechar  newlinechar * Challenge Map pack newlinechar * Costume pack for batman newlinechar * Robin &amp; Challenge maps newlinechar * Nightwing &amp; Challenge maps newlinechar * Harley's Revenge (not out on PC yet)
Yeah, Ive always thought that was really expensive seeing how super slo-mo is the only thing people use it for.	while I have no doubt it uses a bunch of  extremely complex and impressive algorithms, I completely agree with you,
Twist: he gets a zero on the quiz. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: turns out an apostrophe isn't needed for plurals. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit 2: words are hard.	Happy birthday!  Here's a zero!
Hahah that's definitely on my list ;). But first I have to show you all my tight slit before I fill it with a nice hard cock now don't I? ;)	Yes you do! Love looking at your tight little slit. When you do decide to be a good girl and take a cock you should include a cumshot! Just sayin
I inherited my potty mouth from her. As I'm sure my son will inherit his potty mouth from me. 	It's the Circle of Life!
I've been smoking oil all fucking day.  Believe it or not when you've smoked for years you don't get so high that you can ignore straight up ignorant statements.  Also, having chronic pain tends to make you pretty fucking cranky, regardless of how much you have to smoke.	'when you've smoked for years you don't get so high that you can ignore straight up ignorant statements' newlinechar  newlinechar Not gonna lie, I think this exact same thing so many times throughout the day.
That's actually a fairly harsh punishment. The man can't divorce this random girl, she hates him, and he has to support her for the rest of his life. 	It's a fairly harsh punishment for the rape victim, too. She can't divorce this random rapist and he's probably gonna beat her and rape her for the rest of her life. 
Is there anything a newbie should be very cautious of?	Bring Goldbond. (If you're a man)
Me too. I saw it pop up full strength, but with no idea what it's about.	http://youtu.be/Ue_mAzaAaQs  &lt;----This.  Be prepared for horrible memories to be triggered.
I believe it is a remix of [this one](http://imgur.com/VVqdW)	I believe you are correct, sir. newlinechar  newlinechar I have never seen that one... I found the remix on some random Google image search.
Some places don't have ticket quotas.  Just a heads up.	No place does, at least legally.
...but I didn't say anything. 	*Redditor for 8 months and 2 days* newlinechar  newlinechar All good here.
There's no point in aftermarket cooling if you're not going to OC. Even if it's one of the crappier X4's it'll still hit 3.6-3.8-ish depending on how comfortable he is on air.	Considering some of the other parts price points (mb $220ish, GPU low $200s and 2 hard drives) OP had money for this and didnt go for a i5 or even i3. I hope OP see's this and replies soon enough
[We all do.](http://memeorama.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/We-All-Know-That-Feel.png)	Technically true, since we were all virgins at some point in our lives.
Wow. Didn't know that you could reflect Jarate.  newlinechar  newlinechar Major kudos to you though man. 	ANY type of projectile (Jarate, Milk, Arrow, etc.)
The people on here are so stupid sometimes. 	Guys, username.
!!!!!!!! WHAT what are you suggesting?! no seriously are you being serious? DON'T PLAY WITH MY HEART LIKE THAT	Yes, there is a theory going around that [Speculation](/g 'Jojen is actually Howland Reed. I can give you a few points for why this might be true if you want.') &lt;-- Not really a spoiler or anything, just silly a theory.
Sir, this account just made my night. So hard. CENTRALIA FOREVER.	Viva la revolucion! Keep fighting the good fight!
The only reason why I wanted the Winter Classic was for HBO's 24/7. HBO does a tremendous job at filming the behind the scenes look.  newlinechar  newlinechar For every hockey fan who hasn't watched them, you owe it to yourself. 	100% agree, both seasons of 24/7 have been outstanding and I'm really excited to see behind the scenes in the Leafs. 
Why do you do this?  Why do you constantly try to justify grievances by saying 'look liberals do it too' that does nothing to acknowledge the problem.  	The problem is the obvious media bias. Why is it ok for Fox News to get slammed for doing THE EXACT SAME THING as NBC and MSNBC? That's bullshit. 
We NEED a B-Sides/Leftovers EP! I bet it would be filled with Moving To Mars-esque songs...shouldn't get my hopes up though.	I know that feel, bro.
Reality Kings would be more appropriate.	This man knows his porn
I brought my own password. /tnt	Or /pickaxe, since his door is made from iron blocks.
I don't know why you're downvoted, it's true.	Still nice to know, yeah?
Sweet, I'd like that. A few months from the order date?	Yep. Seems like a long time, but well worth the wait! And I just ordered like... Yesterday... Should be here by august. Painful wait... &gt;.&lt;
Mickey Mouse Monopoly is a great documentary on this subject: http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/5344744/Mickey_Mouse_Monopoly__Disney__Childhood__amp__Corporate_Power	Commenting for later. That sounds fascinating!
inb4 /r/sh5e8i4t	[I did it for you. For our love.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SHHHHHEEEEEEEEIIIITT/)
Click the class URL button to go to it subreddit. There are a couple dozen lectures up, I believe.	wow I looked over that subreddit but not good enough. Thanks! 
Get a tattoo that says (in Chinese) 'I don't know. I don't read Chinese'. Then wait for someone to ask you what it means.	Who's on first?
tl;dr?	Eric Clapton is a blatant racist.
Don't worry I got you. 	I got hooking too. After all, erotica writers are cunning linguists.  
Let me sit some more.	Hey what is an a/theist?
Dude now you know I'm going to have to click that link. Why the fuck are you doing this to me. newlinechar  newlinechar Ok...ok...here goes nothing....I mean how bad can it possiOOOOOOOOOOMG....WTF is wrong with you. 	Curiosity killed the redditor.
Holy crap OC?!? newlinechar  newlinechar [We approve](https://encrypted-tbn2.google.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQmSFgLtNl3U3bn1Af0yUFjbkiLcU7kpyrFeGYRRQuKixwpqxFf9Q)	Thanks that means a lot!
As you can see, I have the compass like effect.  newlinechar  newlinechar 1. I never picked up Compass. newlinechar 2. I never used any item that altered the map. newlinechar 3. I had the match trinket on the last floor. 	I've been getting a lot of the same with the Liberty cap.
Because of no new heroes, just bugfixes and droppable items. :)	Wait are they droppable yet?
That's a great point.  I actually tried it a couple days ago, and it masked the taste somewhat, but in the end, it's the texture along with the taste I can't get past.  Thanks!	It's cool to know the berry doesn't do much. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm like you, texture is important and the texture of applesauce is perfect for that in my experience.
You are not wrong.	I believe the OP would like to donate $25 to [Our Common Ground](http://www.ocgworks.org/) in exchange for a CS: GO Beta key.
But murder is so intimate. And violence is kind of extremely my thing... &gt;.&gt;	I'm all about being alive, though...
what if the team that scores the most points gets disqualified?	Then the other team wins.
Gotta love the actual [discussion on knives](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/ue1jl/in_response_to_the_bose_thread_what/c4ulg0r) that spawned from her comment.	the knife afficionados can get testy from time to time.  keep an eye on them!
Tell that to my family and friends. I tell them it's like watching sports and they tell me to get a life. =/	They would be ignorant; Personally having followed both sports and esports they are almost identical forms of entertainment. Only difference is that the stars of esports are a lot of the time normal sized geeky dudes with interesting personalities. 
Then who would protect all the retards? They would need a great retarded civil rights leader, like some downy MLK or something	I shouldn't upvote you, because this is terrible. newlinechar  newlinechar But it was hilarious.
I'd love to see Leptis Magna in Libya.	Man, you are reading my mind.  That's the first thing I thought of when I saw Libya on the list.  I just hope that whoever ends up running that joint doesn't mess with it too much...that is definitely a bucket list locale.
There's wisdom in those eyes.	And nobleness in the hue of the fur. newlinechar  newlinechar Stunning. 
I feel exactly the same way. 	I am the opposite of both of you.
Now the place where the sun doesn't shine can praise too.	Yeah, I resent that I made it so you sit on the suns face. But it's not gay if it's the sun.
####HE MAD	This just in: Reports confirm anger of OP.
[Not a Hitler stache.](http://imgur.com/qGMHw)	If you made that as a rebuttal you are quite the superfan! 
EULALIAAAAAAA!	MOSSFLOWERRRRR!!!!
adults	can't say I do
No! Bad Hallc! Bad! newlinechar  newlinechar Fuck you. You do not repost that shit.	Repost it again, repost it again!
Nuh-uh, it's Ron McGovney.	NICE.
I remember having a lot of fun playing Baldurs Gate: Dark Alliance (RPG) and Timesplitters 2 (FPS) in similar situations. I'd check those out.	I second the motion of Timesplitters 2. Back in the day my buddies and I used to have tons of fun with that game.
I have yet to find any sort of formula for getting a good camp site. It really does seem to just be luck of the draw.  newlinechar  newlinechar Friday afternoon traffic is usually not too bad. Most people have already come in on Thursday.	Officially opening it up Wednesday last year was the smartest thing Roo' has done.   Really made it less congested on the later days.  However, it was the most packed Thursday I'd ever seen.
I thought, 'Jesus! Get the fuck out of there!' I can't believe that didn't create a huge wave.	[I just heard this in my head.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4OPr_QxoFg)
What also floats?	A duck!
please, for the love of god and all that is holy MY ANUS IS BLEE- please explain the difference.	An opera is a drama with action set to music, a cantata is a series of related songs.
They could even have multiple shows. For example, an x-rated pod for mars porn, that could generate some steady income while improving the psychological status of the crew members. 	&gt;For example, an x-rated pod for mars porn... newlinechar  newlinechar RedPlanetTube.
That's how I feel whenever I watch anything on the food network. 	I think its on the cooking network but Supersizers Go is fabulous. It has very little to do with actual cooking and is more about the culture of food but it makes me laugh every time. Also, I love bitchin kitchen, its a guilty pleasure.
[](/celestiawut) What? Oh, I know. You can be the little spoon. newlinechar 	[](/a01 'I'm always the little spoon, because of who you are.') newlinechar  newlinechar  [](/ra08 'I don't mind, though.')  
Yeah, they turned out to be a choking hazard or something...	was it the poke ball or the actual monsters that kids choked on?
in the streets, 'medicinal' is a euphemism for 'that gets you high'. newlinechar  newlinechar if a dealer or a dispensary sell this type of cannabis, people won't buy from them again.	I believe that all medication gets you some sort of high. Take Xanax..or any type of prescription medication for that matter. Although some are stronger and for some the 'high' is almost totally unnoticeable it is still present. 
sup?	[6]
Large biomes are much larger, no? At any rate I hope beach variety is back. Gravel beaches (especially good looking near lava), and cliffs too.	I really missed gravel beaches. Unlike most, I find gravel one of my favorite blocks in the game. Go figure, even I don't know why :P
It's probably because everything is true on NoSleep, therefore how can you post when you're dead.	Suspension of disbelief. newlinechar  newlinechar See also: 'kayfabe'.
And things WD-40 is used for. They're like antimatter.	...and matter.
WAS IT OK!?	It's OK honey, he is just resting.
Not gonna work; refrigerators just move heat from inside themselves to the outside; it only cools your food down by heating your house up.	Came here to say this- uptokes for science!
[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/5osrb.png)	D: newlinechar  newlinechar Sorry man, I dunno what to tell you! I'm not very familiar with this tool at all, so I'm not sure whether there are 'older versions' or what.  newlinechar  newlinechar Updating your Firefox an option? I'm currently running 12.0. newlinechar 
you should listen to Sam Jackson reading that kids book 'Go the Fuck to Sleep'...pretty sweet.	I know it's so good! Samuel Jackson is my hero.
Well, why are you keeping your LTCF in your decoy wallet?	Because I don't have enough pockets for a real wallet, decoy wallet, real cellphone, decoy cellphone, backup gun, keys, knife, and flashlight. newlinechar  newlinechar ETA: AND, I will not wear cargo shorts because I am 22 and still have handjobs to get.
FLASH - AAAAAAAAAHH!  HE SAVED EVERY ONE OF US!	Upvote, primarily because I have burst into that exact song. newlinechar  newlinechar During a game. newlinechar  newlinechar More than once. newlinechar  newlinechar In the past six months.
They sure as hell were when I was in high school.	No, you were just a puss and actually listened to him :)
Who doesn't watch porn?	Good point! Though that's not immediately implied through the clumsily phrased statement. Plus, when you're just about to have sex with a new girlfriend, it might not be the best time to admit you've watched loads of porn with big dicks in it, either.
Have you heard of r/beadsprites?  Nice beadsprite BTW	Thanks. I was introduced to it earlier today. Loving it.
maybe we should meet in the sea of battle sometime?	aye aye, matey. maybe we can have a sword fight sometime.
Better yet, hang yourself.	And boom goes the dynamite.
I *might* put something up in the next few days once I get my hands on some makeup and decent clothes.	You totally should &lt;3
Is something so predictable and sensical really that interesting?	I think so as it shows that the school must be at least doing something right.
No, please, let me slam you right in the chest with a giant pillar of stone moving about 100 miles per hour. I'm sure you'll be fine. 	That's still a bit unclear.
Except Theon **deserves** what he gets, Bad Luck Brian doesn't necessarily.	True that.
At this point pirating just seems easier.	Piracy: It's easier than buying beer.
If youre with someone else, voice comms is essential. 	VON 3D positioning is *the bomb* when playing in a small group. If only the sound quality were a little bit higher.
i agree its better fitting... but still love bowser	I don't think either decision would be wrong regardless :)
*picks up peice of paper* newlinechar [](/sp) newlinechar [](/rdwut 'I... I think you ate Soarin's wife')	[](/rspitfire 'I hope he's not too shook up about it. Think we could replace her before he noticed?')
I think they're already debating on allowing the Reserve Shooter and Machina, they'll probably just add the Enforcer to the trial as well. newlinechar  newlinechar And maybe this will create a void in the banlist that can only be filled by the Wrangler. :D	I don't see them allowing the Reserve Shooter for the pyro, only because of the ground stalling problem newlinechar 
Yup. It's way better with tabbacco though. Just trees works but The good thing about a hookah is it slow cooks the trees when you mix it with tabbacco so you get way higher haha	Yeah, I've always mixed it with shisha, it works great and tastes awesome. I just dont understand how you can use only weed, you'd have to pack a monster bowl, even then I feel like a coal wouldn't be able to burn the whole bowl.
http://youtu.be/kIfOjkB17BA	Hahaha - here's a [video](http://m.flickr.com/#/photos/79162222@N06/7252302670/) of Wayne chilling on the floor watching Stardeath play.
youre really bad at measuring drama. 	that's not all i'm bad at ;)
Well because I'm with my fiance here, and she says... oh shit... what if she's part of my imagination... gently caress my life!	aww that's cute; all the best newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar P.S Get her to play eve too!
It says you will aquire items through leveling your battle level.	Ah, OK. That sounds nifty. newlinechar 
build a Bat house. or get a CO2 mosquito trap	We have bats. We have 2 of the propane co2 things. We spray the entire 1 acre property.  Then I spray myself. You know what these fucks do?  They attack my eyes and between my fingers!  
Won't we end up needing them?	They'll be arriving on the B ark.
[](/cadence)Seriously, pass it on then. newlinechar  newlinechar [](/hahaha)Good. Just that...the mane sub tends to be full of really OCD folk who will likely downvote it to hell for those reasons anyway.  newlinechar  newlinechar [](/twismug)'tis why the plounge is better for plugging.	The maybe Ill go over there and talk about it too! Ive just been super swamped today so I havent gotten the chance yet.
Holy shit, that was a perfect analogy.	Ya wow that was fantastic. 
There's even a sequel series of shows!	thank goodness my boner didnt go to waste!
cool..l thanks. People should at least be educated about what they may or may not consume.	No problem. Couldn't agree with you more.  newlinechar  newlinechar If you ever need it, [this](http://www.erowid.org/) has been my go-to for info about any 'consumable' for about a decade. 
That sure showed him.	Look at his user name, he just got one upped
I noticed. Not bad either. newlinechar 	Thanks. Judging by &gt;6 minutes ago newlinechar  newlinechar You're online. So hi.
[](//#Carlton)	[*strong* **then kill**](//#blackface)
Are we still in the game?!	Friendly?
Ok, so I have a serious question.  Do people really have that hard a time finding it?  I haven't been with many women but it was in the same place for all of them.	This topic has taken a bizarre turn. 
[This guy](http://www.danclarkie.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/this-fucking-guy.jpg)	why all the downvotes... I thought it was funny
Wrong use of the meme. Try again! 	Seconded  newlinechar 
OMG they deliver?! newlinechar And also, The Earl's Garden is my favorite!! newlinechar I am so jealous!    	Yes! Free shipping to USA and Canada on any order over $50. I placed the order over the weekend and it arrived today. newlinechar  newlinechar I haven't tried Earl's Garden yet, and I can't wait until I do! It smells so enticing.
Thank you! And honestly..... my best features are above the neck, trust me.	I doubt that a full 100% 
LPT: A great way to avoid getting shot in a mugging - give the mugger your wallet and cellphone. 	For reals. Just report the card stolen, it's not worth your life.
I can't convince you God exists. That is something you will have to discover yourself.	&gt; That is something you will have to discover yourself. newlinechar  newlinechar How?
Nothing at all buddy. I've been smoking weed regularly since seventh grade. I'm starting senior year first in class. Valedictorian status.	Nice try drug dealer
&gt;Bitch gave me a stress ball shaped like the earth. newlinechar  newlinechar I don't know why, but I *cracked up* when I read that. I was literally crying before I managed to calm myself.	Stress ball shaped like the earth= 'glob.' Like a globe, only mushier.
the penis tower!	The Penis of SAFETY! newlinechar  newlinechar Bring the girls!
Well evolution is not always perfect. I mean seriously, why do we still have monkeys :P	for the same reason we have both crocodiles and geckos.
Hodor chapter is required. I don't care what happens in the next 2 books if there is a Hodor chapter at some point.	I demand at least 12 pages of Hodor.
[Yes, this chain pleases me.](http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m02y7uDp9p1qj1nsl.gif)	I read that in a very deep and sinister voice in my head. It made the link even better.
Any mood is the right one for burritos.	Don't you ever just feel like tacos, man?
If the picture isn't of me then he won't mind taking a second as soon as I'm out of shot. You're entitled to nothing. 	then MOVE, BITCH, GET OUT THE WAY
I would picture Eli as more Jon Snow, the unloved and overlooked child of the family.	I see him more as Hodor.
Theoretically if we were allowed to downvote bridge we might be able to bury some of the shit. The argument is that by abstaining we are breaking reddit's primary defense against shitposts.	ughhhhhhhhhhhh. Can't win either way. There are more reasons not to bridge in any case. newlinechar  newlinechar 
Eight.	I wanna cut you, dirty thalmor.
Khalissi or however you spell it is damn hot	Kahleesi...or you can just call her Danaerys
[Here](http://www.infocobuild.com/education/audio-video-courses/biology/biology-and-biological-engineering.html)	You just gave me the best tool for the GRE's. Have an upvote.
V newlinechar V newlinechar V newlinechar  newlinechar 'Woah. 435 marklars! You marklars are all my marklars.' newlinechar  newlinechar There you go.	Nice correction there, bro.
I don't get it- what happens at 5, and only in Florida?	[Like clockwork.](http://i.imgur.com/dJeVA.png)
Thanks!  And no its not me in the picture haha.	:D I thought there was a warrior amongst us!
Who did the narration of the teaser trailer? I'd play any game with that voice in it. o.o	It's the same narrator you hear ingame. ;)
Does it require interest in one of the 4 listed OSS projects/fields? I'd be interested in going but what I work on is neither web nor mobile related.	Nope. It's for anyone that likes open source software. The four groups are just the ones organizing it.
We pull hideous faces at each other. A lot.	So do we. Here is the funniest one [IMO](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_1YILI2ce488/TRUPekcuixI/AAAAAAAAAFY/oqjTTXxtNhI/s1600/Creepy-Face.jpg)
As long as they're backed up with sufficient evidence then it shouldn't be a problem. 	True, but these sorts of theories almost never have anything going for them.
[GermanSoviet Credit Agreement](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German%E2%80%93Soviet_Credit_Agreement_%281939%29). newlinechar  newlinechar [GermanSoviet Commercial Agreement](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German%E2%80%93Soviet_Commercial_Agreement_%281940%29).	Thanks, it's always nice to learn something new.
We need something like the Bat Signal for those circumstances when a post simply demands SW's attention...	Ah, my friend, I totally agree.  Luckily, I brought up this same issue on a thread a week ago and here's what Saltysalad came up with to help us out: http://imgur.com/IO2B9
Im european (seriously). I had a similar issue with alot/a lot. It took ages before one of you english-speaking motherfuckers explained the problem.(after making many jokes first ofcourse)  newlinechar  newlinechar ;) newlinechar 	'Whether the weather is cold or whether the weather is hot, we'll be together whatever the weather, whether we like it or not.'
gotta love them asian titties	gotta love dat asian ass too!
god, people be stupid	No, I'm not God, you must have the wrong person.
woah! tell us some stories ! 	no dont, i eat at maddington macdonalds
What did you find so terrible about it, if you don't mind my asking?	90% of people who didn't like it was because they wanted a satisfying fight scene to end up, but it just ends with such a tease.
Sorry, two different campaigns.	Well, you do fancy a genocide.
Thanks! That sounds scrumptious already. However, I apologize for being retarded in the culinary department, but do you mean bacon fat as...bacon grease? Isn't that extremely bad for you?	In moderation, no. Some people would say the pasta is worse. 
Well, if you give them up, then you won't have enemies anymore, right?	Hmmmmm.... indubitably.
Do you wonder if the zombie apocalypse has started a couple of times, but was just taken care of by cops on the first or second zombie? Like - that guy could have been a full on zombie, and these cops just stopped that shit from spreading.	This is the first of several weird news stories,  just like in the walking dead. In a few weeks we'll all be fucked 
I think I speak for just about all of us when I tell say, YOU LUCKY SON OF A BITCH. newlinechar  newlinechar But seriously, that's awesome! I'm super jealous. And now I'm off to go beg my boyfriend to take me to New York...	Haha, Im a girl so I can't be a son of a bitch. But i guess I am a lucky bitch :)
En fait je pense que les seuls personne qui vont vraiment parcourir le train d'un bout  l'autre c'est les quteux musiciens. La on va les entendre d'un bout  l'autre... :p	Exactement, dans le mtro de Rome c'est comme a.
'...effect was achieved.' newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY	Upvote... though I think the capital e was for Emphasis. 
There are two kinds of people in this world. Those who want to fuck their teachers, and dirty fucking liars.	I have all old lady teachers, I am the 1%! Unless you count the three insanely hot gym teachers as real teachers, then I'd bang the living shit out of them
[sorry dont have the lezbo pics](http://i.imgur.com/rW15X.jpg)	you look like Michael Cera.
Yes you do! Love looking at your tight little slit. When you do decide to be a good girl and take a cock you should include a cumshot! Just sayin	Hahah I'll be sure to- I love feeling that hot cum spray all over me ;) it's a huge turn on haha. Where would you like to see that hot cum on me?
Me too, assuming it means that one crash is separate of another.	I think they should have button in the settings to manually reset the android emulator.
Truthfully, the mudkip is the best part of the picture, I MEAN FUCKING LOOK AT IS, ITS SO CUTE.	Have you seen [this one](http://i.imgur.com/2jfFC.jpg) its one of my favorites. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit:Never mind, you posted that thread, LOL
Nah, I heard his fans were killing him. ^We ^have ^to ^go ^farther!	McCartney doesn't mind, cause he was always gunnin for the top spot.
I remember reading that Watterson was very interested in animation, but couldn't imagine the characters' voices ever working.	I've heard that as well. He had a lot of respect for hand-painted animation like Disney used to do.
Then to what rapist did France grant diplomatic immunity?	[Roman Polanski](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roman_Polanski#Sexual_abuse_case). Though it wasn't so much diplomatic immunity as he was a French citizen who fled back to France to avoid sentencing and therefore was protected from extradition. But I figure this is who c_woolley is referring to. 
Or meth, considering they had to shoot him **THREE** fucking times to get him to stop eating the guy.	I heard they had to shoot him 6 times.
oops I thought you had replied to a different one of my comments, that's why you always check the context kids!	The more you know!
So painful to wear, after twenty minutes my ears immediately start hurting.	They have an adjustment thing on the side maybe that will help? But I know what you're talking about it's happened to me once or twice where it pinches your ear weird, but usually I just readjust the headphones and it goes away.
http://www.mspaintadventures.com/storyfiles/hs2/04999.gif newlinechar  newlinechar The next one will be 5000.	Cool, thanks.
I cropped them separately because with all the comments it wouldn't fit into one screenshot.	Anyways, I had to do a little resizing on the top photo to get everything to fit into one paint file.  This guy does this sorta shit all the time though.
Your doing it wrong then, your mission is to make them scream and moan into the phone making it awkward for them.	Trust me, it was nothing but awkward. My first stab at hooking up via the Internet was not a success.  newlinechar  newlinechar I've had better luck since then. 
It was a gif of a dog getting beaten to death(?) with a shovel.	That's horrible... newlinechar 
I hate when people make this argument.  Please review the following: Vietnam, Iraq, Afghanistan, then make the conflict itself 10x more complex as the battle would be on our soil instead of the other side of the world. (assuming American point of view)	This is absolutely correct. And even if it would be a one sided beatdown on the people, at least they had a chance to defend themselves.
Last week, I finally had sex for the first time with my newly acquired girlfriend. It was the best 4 and a half minutes of my life. Brazzers. 	Bwomp bwomp bwooooomp. newlinechar  newlinechar The midget doorman was feeling quite down that day. His day had come to a climax as a few beautiful blonde Russian tourists entered his building. Brazzers.
I had a 3150 rpm motor, duct tape, a marker, and was bored. I clearly had no choice but to carry out with my infallible plan.	Video? newlinechar 
actually, I'm not sure which teemo face is more shocking. This one or the one from the season 2 trailer. 	I think this one, haha I may have gotten a little carried away with the airbrush.
It never really explains it, but Eugene mentions it in some episodes. Arnold also tells Eugene he will pay him back for all the times bad things happened to him while he was around. 	Yes and all the times he tries to pay him back it results in a subsequent disaster worse than the original. That was a great episode. newlinechar 
What was the petition for?	[Stop SOPA](https://wwws.whitehouse.gov/petitions/!/petition/stop-e-parasite-act/SWBYXX55)
I don't know, I found it legitimately scary.	Sure, but did you post a 'NOPENOPENOPE' meme picture? newlinechar  newlinechar If not, then I'm prepared to accept that you found it scary. But for every genuine person, there's hundreds of 'look at me, I'm saying NOPE a lot, everyone tell me how clever I am' comments.
Mythbusters keep doing that with every myth involving boats or water. They always scale things down to a point where the physics change enough to make their conclusion invalid.	It's like it would be prohibitively expensive/environmentally disastrous to sink an oil tanker just to see if there's suction at the surface.
...how?	in the same way saying 'misogyny doesn't exist' is an example of misogyny, or saying 'racism doesn't real' is an example of racism.
And when you inspect it.	*Sees post on reddit that chrome crashes on inspect - Goes to website, inspects it* ; half the open tabs crash
I think there will be more guns after CQ. newlinechar Premium says '20 new weapons' and CQ does not have 20.	But B2K had 10 and CQ has 10 so 20 total.
Nothing better than mediocre pop culture jokes.	They're always a hit.
9/10 would chuckle again	I read that as would cluck again. newlinechar  newlinechar Scoot Scoot Scootaloo.
I can't say I take the credit for that one, I've seen it used many times in others' works.	I've actually never seen it before so it's new to me.  But I do really like the artwork as a whole as well; it's nice to think about the crusaders all remaining friends even after they've obtained their marks.  Keep up the good artwork!
Hey, I like it here.	no doubt. my sister lives in Pittsburgh, it's a beautiful city! - here's a [picture I took](http://i.imgur.com/h2BxX.jpg). I love your downtown ballpark, it's awesome..... much better than the team has been over the years :(
God? Noooo I'm no god. Just a loving individual who likes to party. And watch him some ponies of course.	[reminds me of this] (http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=0uMJYQ9LKGQ#t=136s)
Make sure you post pictures of her when she's older. I want to see how those colors grow out! :3 newlinechar 	Oh i plan to share her life with reddit lol   
He didn't say that they are, just that he can't wait until they do.	Yeah, I'm just really upset that they're not going out of business fast enough :(
Because Pokemon Red was red and Blue was Blue. Blew my mind.	And the snozzberries tasted like snozzberries.
Just realized what your user name meant. May His Noodly Appendages reach down and tickle your ears. 	Ra-men.
So much so that my backup plan as a sexually active teenager (on the pill and a condom user) in case of pregnancy was suicide.  Now it is abortion but I would rather be dead than pregnant. 	As crazy as it sounds, I was exactly the same way. I had a plan and everything. 
That would be the proper follow up: fighting their way out of hell against the armies of Orcus. Needs a love interest, though, and something political. Also, since this is the second part, it will be epic. Followed by a let down for the third installment.	No, new characters. The heroes who rise up and take down Orcus.
Whenever I see something I don't like, I downvote. I believe there's a setting in [Reddit Enhancement Suite](http://redditenhancementsuite.com) (could be standard in reddit) that makes everything you downvoted hidden, so you don't have to deal with it again. 	I agree. However this has become less of an individual problem and more of a subreddit transformation. I was hoping that maybe we could get back on track to a true subreddit rather than disliking individual posts. (Think /r/gaming vs. /r/games)
My apologies.  People I hate the most are ones who spoil endings :( newlinechar  newlinechar But you are right, I'm more worried about someone spoiling the Claptrap sayings from borderlands 2 than the story itself.	heh heh... you thought I wouldn't notice the extra 'the.' 
If he paid at Petsmart with a credit card, then the police should be able to do something with that.	He actually was turned away because he didn't have her rabies paperwork. We had gone to PetSmart to pull the video and they keep giving us the run around.  newlinechar  newlinechar Great idea tho - thaks :)
Don't forget, they include the soundtracks! If you don't already own them.	That might be enough to make me jump for it, not interested in point and click but they have awesome music
[Major ASoS Spoiler] (/b 'iirc in one of Arya's warg dreams as Nymeria she pulls Cat's body out of the river and protects it from the other wolves, that's gotta count for something when we find out what UnCat is really up to')	Am I the only one who's horrified where that plotline is going? [Book Spoiler] (/b 'Undead Catelyn is just terrifying.')
if you're quoting Jimmy Carr at least get it right: newlinechar 'They say there's safety in numbers, tell that to 6 million jews.'	I didn't hear the second one from Jimmy Carr
Wow this comment is hilarious if you don't read the spoiler above it. People should feel free to read Dogfood's spoiler, though. It's extremely mild.	I've learned to play it safe on this forum :)
real fact	[PROOF]
Mr. Bean was in the war?	Black Adder is better than Mr.Bean and I'll go to my karma grave on that point. 
The Doug Moench/Bill Sienkiewicz run from the early '80s had some excellent artwork. What a cover: http://www.comics.org/issue/36762/cover/4/	Yup, that was the best right there. Good stuff.
YES YOU CAN	Sounds legit. I trust this man.
Yep. No physical buttons means this whole 'mobile gaming' thing will never truly challenge major consoles / PC without some new ideas. newlinechar  newlinechar 	But I do like the bluetooth controls to play with your PS3 controller. But it means that it's not quite as portable as without.
Not having to do it covertly = helluva lot easier. That's the only angle I can see. 	Just watch the second docu in this series: http://topdocumentaryfilms.com/power-principle/
Or perhaps just better topping?	I'm sorry. I just asked for cheese...  
/r/downtimebananas 	You...you're name has to do with pickles! But you know about banana subreddits. Which side are you a spy for?!
It comes down to moderators only accepting the job because they get to wave their shiny mod badge around. They don't want to deal with all the shit, so they decide to turn their house into a bathroom stall.	Y'know, if i got a mod badge i'd actually use it. Whether i'd want one for reddit, now that would be the question.
THE WINNING TEAM	SO SAYS THE TEAM THAT LOST TO US
Whoa, your cat is the miniature version of mine! newlinechar  newlinechar http://imgur.com/a/GeBQZ	Woah!  That's hilarious, it's like looking at a normal sized version of him!  That's a Maine Coon, right?
Yes it is me.	The one and only... SCUBA ZEKE!!!!
Because nothing could ever happen to you, right?   You are perfect and above reproach?	Things could happen to me, which is why I have medical insurance.
&gt; What other non-obvious tricks do you guys know? newlinechar  newlinechar You can remotely change user passwords by bringing up the change password dialog (Ctrl+Alt+Del) and setting the user name to machine\username.	Hot diggity daffodil. That's useful.
Let's get the corporate controlled government to regulate corporations! Do you not see the flaw in this statement? 	Many people have not yet come to grips with the fact that lobbyists, primarily representing corporations, own and operate the American government.
'We're more popular than Jesus now.' John Lennon newlinechar 	'The.' John Lennon
Was it [this](http://static.rateyourmusic.com/album_images/6563316d34420f66c841e056051e30ba/104265.jpg)?	Yeah, I think that's it. I remember the blue being a lot more vivid on the shirt though. 
Awesome episode, but THERE'S ONLY ONE EPISODE LEFT!!! [WWHHHYYYY!!!!!](http://i.minus.com/iFEaFdNMHYjuE.gif)	but seriously though why is their only 10 episode for season 2? I thought 12 was the norm for a anime season.
[No problem. Just fill this out.] (https://www.marines.com/contact-a-recruiter)	Nice try Uncle Sam... 
Just out of morbid curiosity. If a male who drives a big truck is stereotyped as having a small penis, what is the stereotype for a female that drives a big truck? newlinechar  newlinechar I am hesitant about asking this, I am not sure I really want the answer.	Most likely a woman who is driving her husband/boyfriends truck or a woman who has the need and capability to purchase and drive a truck.
acculy is dolan newlinechar  newlinechar By the way that was an *ironic* reference. /hairflip   newlinechar Also I'm really high right now sorry	you are a genuinely funny faggot.
Ah reductionism, the snuggly blanket of the stupid.	By the same token, OP is reducing 'the candidates are the same [in terms of policy]' to 'the candidates are the same' and saying 'nah-uh,  this one's gonna be a dick!'
Considering some of the other parts price points (mb $220ish, GPU low $200s and 2 hard drives) OP had money for this and didnt go for a i5 or even i3. I hope OP see's this and replies soon enough	Yeah the logic behind getting an AMD chip is strange.  
Pretend that you are a Marine and your task is to piss on the Taliban's nuclear bomb thus destroying it, and the schematics to build another one. Now if you can't piss for America, I cannot help you	No pressure... newlinechar 
Agreed, if I heard someone say 'There were a bunch of moms in the park with their kids.' In no way would I assume it was a coven of lesbians on a field trip.	&gt;a coven of lesbians on a field trip newlinechar  newlinechar This needs to happen more often. 
whose welcome?	tinyirishgirl
Gasoline. Match.	Then 911.
I've been around for a few weeks here and haven't seen anything on tram, sorry. newlinechar But I've got some oral Roxanol, so I'm pretty set :)	I googled Roxanol and it said it was rectal morphine.  newlinechar  newlinechar Let me just ask: Wuuuuut? Oral rectal morphine?
What are u talkin about? LOOK THAT KOG'MAW SO BEAUTIFUL *0*	Monarch Kog skin is so underrated. Too bad I don't play kog.
http://www.mediafire.com/?w0x79761xcfe3o4	Have all my upvotes!
Happy cake day!!! newlinechar 	Thank you!
For tickets this cheep the scary people will switch from grayhound to this...	But the scary people don't have access to the internet, so they can't buy tickets. Therein lies the rub
Solve for this.	This = 1000x
The mindcrack server will be so interesting with Ethos blaze trap..... Jesus.	Even more so with the Ender farm they have now, thanks to Nebris. That thing could get you 50 levels in 5 minutes before this change.
Huge thanks to you regardless of the outcome. Im half tempted to go back down to the shop to give it a try, but I think I'll wait until tomorrow. Its better to go to bed with hope in my heart than with pure hate filled rage consuming my soul.	Haha unfortunately I know exactly how you feel. Anytime.
Care to elaborate?	On Viaduct pro there is a bread dog in the sealed room by the point... looks like this: http://t0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRuFw3n6ZJLlFWvFUuO0svJOX5wHv7QKtmppMPpMsv560jQNydMZGUg8TFJOQ
You missed the Reddit front page post about how Lousiana is the prison capital of the world and is run privately and treats its prisoners as cattle. He picked the worst state in the country.	Worst state in the world it seems. 
I agree. The new facebook format is frustrating as heck!	I used to hang out there all the time, had great discussions with fans, really enjoyed the interaction.  Now it's hard even to locate the new comments :-(
Unfortunately AdBlock does not work in Hulu.	False! Ad block works perfectly fine if you are content to watch a blank screen for a minute. 
But everything changed when the meteor nation attacked.	Only Karkat, master of four letter expletives, could stop them.
'Please, sir, can I have some more?' newlinechar 'More? MORE?! Y-yes... Here you go.'	lol! exactly what i thought! :D 
I could see why you would be emo... *you had no soul*	Haha touche. Although if you believe in souls then I feel deeply sorry for you.
This is true. One of my exes commended me on my 8 inch dick, and how it was big. I'm 6.2. [This](http://i.imgur.com/W0o8r.jpg) was my reaction. 	Your links are bad and you should feel bad.
Quick one. That one seemed familiar but it let me take it so I guess I haven't done it. They are all starting to blur together.	You might have taken it yesterday outside of CrowdFlower, I know I did. Shouldn't be an issue
6 inches = 15.24 centimeters newlinechar  newlinechar The wheel that squeaks the loudest is the one that gets the grease.	I think the bot just made a sexual reference
It's a show where two brothers drive around in a classic car and instead of exorcising ghosts, they shoot them with shotguns and then have sex with loose women. You'd think it'd be the other way around.	Don't forget shootin the shit with a cold beer at the end of 95% of the episodes too.  newlinechar  newlinechar This is the manliest show on the planet now that I think about it.
Did you see the two second bit after the credits?	yea, just edited my post to clarify that I think the pack leaves him while my brother thinks the pack jumps on him after Neeson killed the alpha
Just the tip.	Thanks Archer.
holy shit but that picture you provided is hard to find anything on. The layout, density, and predictable yet heterogeneous layout make it a natural camouflage.	Yeah, it's not the most ideal, but it works.  [Here's](http://i.imgur.com/It9Zv.png) how it looks in another theme which I think looks better.
You and your partner dont use condoms... newlinechar  newlinechar But she has a huge amount of glow in the dark condoms...  newlinechar  newlinechar Maybe im just jumping to conclusions 0_0	Gag gift from a friend? Bought them out of amusement? 
'Would you kill a man?' newlinechar  newlinechar *Years later...* newlinechar  newlinechar 'Dude, I only asked for one...'	Sooo, where are my six million Klondike Bars?
My janitor is so fucking happy.	I'm not sure why but I found your comment absolutely hilarious. 
You got that from the write up? I'm missing it, but your layman's terms have me hopeful for tomorrow afternoon. It makes perfect sense, and I raged too soon.  newlinechar  newlinechar $10, and 5 day mistake. 	Haha! It happens to the best of us man.
String of fabulous champs lately. Varus and now this. 	He's not fabulous. More like a complete bad ass.
If we gave your best friend an index card and said 'describe WarlordZsinj', what would they write? What are your top two qualities? **Demonstrate** those qualities without flat-out stating them.	How would you demonstrate 'retarded' and 'chooses the wrong women'?
Gob's son was Steve *Holt*	Yeah I know, I misheard her and heard 'Holt'...
You might even say it's a lie.	What you did there, I have observed it.
Now I just need the BB font and I'd totally make that into a sign...	http://i.imgur.com/AXAr1.png
I've had many great evenings with that game. Wonderful co-op and just plain and simple fun. Great find! 	Amen!
I'd be down but I'm on my home now from a happy hour on the north shore already	Man, you must have got pretty drunk at your happy hour.  Be careful climbing down from your home.
What the fudge is a FICA??	[And why are they taking all my money](http://i2.ytimg.com/vi/Q21_TPKZnGg/hqdefault.jpg)?
Residential schools closed in the the 1990s, Harper was not prime minister, or even in federal politics at the point.	Wasn't he also the first and only PM to actually apologize to the Aboriginal people for the residential School System?
and another successful trade newlinechar  newlinechar * badvoodoo92  newlinechar  newlinechar * my Brutal Legend and MGS for his THE WITCHER 2(that's right it be mine now) newlinechar  newlinechar * [link to trade](http://www.reddit.com/r/gameswap/comments/tx2b9/usah_mgs_hd_collection_xbox_360_w_offers_360_and/c4qhrqr)	confirmed. Trade went well and smooth. 
Was this on Demuslim's stream? Is there a VoD of this?	http://www.twitch.tv/demuslim/b/319968822 newlinechar  newlinechar The analysis occurs at 1:09 and the game at 0:41
Interesting given the company's current notoriety for pristine hardware. I freaking hated all the colored plastic bullshit, even then.	The shape, the overly roundedness, the colours, the translucent plastic. Everything about that machine is offensive.
Twist, Gotham City is actually King's Landing hundreds of years into the future. Batman is a Azor Azhai reborn.	And the Narrows are future Flea Bottom?
From what I hear: Men get into less accidents on average than women, but they also get into much more serious accidents with higher rates of injury and death.	Then I would argue with the statement that women are inferior drivers. Fewer yet more fatal/disastrous does not = better to me.
It was over his head. 	Nah, he's just a troll who always comes to bitch about r/atheism. Disregard. 
I don't know and the more I think about it the less sense it seems to make. 	Rule 34.
Just because you don't have opies doesn't mean you can't post in an opiate related subreddit.  newlinechar  newlinechar I don't think the mods check pupil constriction.  newlinechar  newlinechar Or do they? 	You mean pupils exist in sizes other than pinpoint? I hadn't realized.
I really missed gravel beaches. Unlike most, I find gravel one of my favorite blocks in the game. Go figure, even I don't know why :P	It is an underrated block. I find it quite useful in all sorts of ways, but then I never destroy any blocks in a 'garbage disposal' method because I am able to find uses for them all.
STOP TRYING TO FIND EXCUSES	butbutbutbut-
Wait are they droppable yet?	I think you can get them by battlepoints or money.
There's twenty-six of them.	Dude.
its a girl..	Problem?
This kills the hamster.	So than the gun is... real? 
Upvote... though I think the capital e was for Emphasis. 	I was just teasing him.
I can't believe I got wins leader (Capuano) and Hellickson for $1 a piece	Yeah, you bastard, haha. I had Hellickson queued up, but you got to him first and I could not bid. I got Garza and Chris Perez for $1 a piece, though. 
You didn't do any damage in between the two screen.	Nope, Blizzard likes to say you have X number of seconds left, but realistically the server is already down and your just lagged to shit. 
We have bats. We have 2 of the propane co2 things. We spray the entire 1 acre property.  Then I spray myself. You know what these fucks do?  They attack my eyes and between my fingers!  	ROFL. Maybe they are just out to get you.
It's actually disabled by default.	I think they mean so the *viewer* can disable it.
Nerdy discussions are much more fun than the usual snarky jab. If you're right...well.  newlinechar  newlinechar Guess I'll make my way back to [/r/asoiaf](/r/asoiaf) 	i didn't know that existed! mind=blown.
Like Ashley Cole and JT?	They are huge douches, but they are our huge douches.
My life is incomplete until I know the ending of this story!	Little did I know...
Why not just abolish the presidency entirely and let the heads of departments run policy? Then you can vote for the best person for each specific job rather than having to compromise on every issue. 	Too much overlaps.  It's an interesting idea, but there's a lot of complexity to work out.
[](/rdhuh)That's a funny way to spell Derpy.	Well obviously Tom is best background pony.
All of the above.	Up for a bi-weekly?   newlinechar  newlinechar Stuck on what? newlinechar  newlinechar Definition where?
I have, and let me tell you, wrestling is *far* from gay sex.	But it's a great lead-in into gay sex.  Trust me, I'm gay.
Alright, Penis-Butter.	Check the oil!
I'm sorry. I just asked for cheese...  	What about some nice YEAST?
That would look something like [this](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m49ymawXh91qc0xnpo1_400.gif) right?	COOL COOL COOL. 
An opera is a drama with action set to music, a cantata is a series of related songs.	...so an opera is like pink floyds the dark side of the moon and a cantata is pink floyd's the wall
SO SAYS THE TEAM THAT LOST TO US	UHHHHHHHH... CANADIAN CUP DOESN'T COUNT?
um...how big is your league?	I would guess about 4 teams. Maybe less.
Pro tip: Never put any food places that deliver on speed dial. When you're half asleep and starving, you sure as hell won't remember those 30 pizzas you ordered ten minutes ago. 	[](/rjoy)You mean, I could eat pizza forever!?
Shitty service = Shitty tip	Shitty service = no tip
huh, who's your boss? 	Your mom.
WHERE IS MY MILK?!	WHAT DO YOU MEAN WE'RE OUT OF WHOLE MILK?! newlinechar  newlinechar ONLY SKIM!?
The amazon kindle app does, not sure if that addresses your needs though.	It also works if you want to sync books between iOS and android.
My favorite part of wrestling was beating the shit out of the yearbook staff.	Watch out [guys](http://i.imgur.com/gFD5o.png)! newlinechar 
Kids was a good movie!	I have no legs. newlinechar 
Yes, I made it and advertised it in the thread last night. 	ah that's an awesome idea how many of us took part?
&gt; 50% says they might be right (but they're probably not ;) ) newlinechar  newlinechar I don't think you understand probability.	&gt;'When you roll a six-sided die, what are the odds that you'll roll a three? 50-50. You'll either get a three or you won't.' newlinechar  newlinechar -Chuck Klosterman
I'm in the same boat.  I'm 16 weeks and look about 24 or so, all because of how I'm carrying.  I just get tired of people asking me if My doctor's ok with my weight gain...  Ugh...	I don't think anyone would DARE ask me about my weight...And what's funny is my weight is actually very close to pre-conception. I just look and feel like a house. (Swollen ankles and feet don't help!)
Can I see some screen shots? Planning on getting CiV 5 and wanna see more of this.	I only played for a little bit, but here's what i had so far. It doesn't seem to have units like firebenders and etc. but it's a good start for the mod.  [screen shots yo](http://imgur.com/a/d1IrY)
Hulk Hogan, Jeff Jarrett, Eric Bischoff in a epic circlejerk and then the Stinger will be hanging is head as he is inducted.	Ric Flair returns to become the first 4x Hall of Fame inductee.
Clan-name gear? A Dendi invoker skin that supports NaVi or something?	Money makes tournaments.
What was your comment?  	you aren't going to get to a thousand with that one...
&gt;foreskin recovery	I ripped my foreskin once banging a chick by slipping out and into her dry asshole. I had to get 6 stitches on my dick. There was SO MUCH blood. newlinechar  newlinechar True story.
Lucky, school ends in a week here. 	Two weeks here.
Subtext is a magic thing, bro.	&gt;Subtext ^^^blowjob is a magic thing, bro. newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY
Wow - she's really... [FIT](http://weareuncivilized.files.wordpress.com/2011/10/claire-bevilacqua-2.jpg?w=900) (slightly NSFW).	I think that's a dude... I can't tell. 
going to guess since his name is michael....and he does stuff with microphones... its catchy?	His name is Zack I believe...
They start to fall apart after so many.. uses. Not that I would know. My friends cousins girlfriend said.	Nice cover.
What is even more amazing, is that his Q actually forces you to move in between attacks to get 100% out of your champion, which is also an amazing training, especially for lower level summoners. I love that, Riot had a nice idea with this skill.	Yeah, that's my favorite part about him. He actually requires concentration and skill in terms of mechanics.
[reminds me of this] (http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=0uMJYQ9LKGQ#t=136s)	Oh god! Ow my sides! The laughing! It hurts!!!
'Willian of Shaktar' makes him sound like some sort of medieval knight.	I'm pretty sure he means Sir William of Shatner
How about for the 0 gravity in the 7 months of space travel?	We'll have to bring someone else on to solve this one. 
Thank YOU rawrby.	NO Thank YOU JaccFX
Mind if I join in?  newlinechar  newlinechar andrewsmith1986, you are a scumsucking, lowlife, worthless, piece of garbage. Piss off. 	andrewsmith1986, you kind of suck. A lot.
Legedu Naanope.	I like this. A lot.
It's weird when you get it with Maggie. Leads me to believe she's just Isaac in drag.	They're all just Isaac wearing various hats. newlinechar  newlinechar It's like TF2.
The amount of cheese that would have been on that pizza was replaced with extra sauce. So much sauce.	I have to say... well done. it looks delicious. As a cheese loving person i would eat the shit out of your pizza.
... The Brazzers logo *is* the word Brazzers.	[woah](http://www.trollpicz.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/Conspiracy-Keanu1.jpg)
90% of people who didn't like it was because they wanted a satisfying fight scene to end up, but it just ends with such a tease.	That's true. That did kind of piss me off.
Up vote for the goldfish under the table  newlinechar 	You made me look again, and I am greatly disappointed.
personal responsibility has been completely thrown out the window with these tools.	A foreign concept to them.  Of that, I am certain.
it's still a little too soon for that right now, but you better believe it's in the gameplan!	Custom made katana... I would hope so. she is a keeper, just think what she will get you when you pop the question.
EN GARDE!	fuck...i knew i shouldn't have dropped fencing classes. ogoddammit. goddamit. i have no better response than a slew of swears.
Okay, I see.  I wonder how he would have convinced Viserys to fight for Aegon.  Viserys was pretty selfish.	Think the plan was to kill off Viserys as soon as they got to Westeros.  With the Dothraki's fear of the sea its unlikely they'd turn back at that point and they had no love for Viserys anyway.
you are a genuinely funny faggot.	quite gurl u mkng me blush;*
Those fuckers shredded the inside of my mouth with the fury of a thousand razor blades.	That just allowed the flavor to get inside! 
yes it was on Tosh.0 and I was saddened when it all turned out to be fake. newlinechar 	Tbh i feel like its still up in the air. newlinechar  newlinechar If someone had a video of me shoving a remote up my ass I'd say its a fake too.
zzz. why'd she disappear again. 2 months since the last [upload](http://www.youtube.com/user/communitychannel).	Yeah, I know what you mean. She's an awesome YouTuber
Or /pickaxe, since his door is made from iron blocks.	nukemod
Either get drunk and watch Arrested Development or Archer on Netflix, or finally finish Max Payne 2 after like a decade.	I vote Archer, and I hope you're emotionally out of the DANNNGGEERR ZOONNEE! (sorry for the really forced insertion of that phrase) (and sorry for the terrible choice of words)
Unsecured carpark right in the city. No cameras. Leaves bike, new jacket, helmet AND KEYS in the ignition. Wow. Free bike anyone?!	Rigged to explode?
'Relax.'  As if I hadn't already been trying that...	I have come to really loathe that word. My own mom, after I told her I had had my insemination, said 'great, now just relax and don't think about it!' ...really?
They make everything cheesy.	'What? Goku was 11 in the comics? And he ran around with his penis out! PREPOSTEROUS! He shall be an awkward high school student from now on.' newlinechar  newlinechar Later... newlinechar  newlinechar 'What! Michael Cera isn't available! Well, throw someone else in there and keep everything the same!'
Don't many people have negative amounts of money from debt?	That's not what it is talking about here although that is true. I think what it is referencing here is that $100 a month is a respectable monthly income on most of this planet.
[How about a bear holding a shark?](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_INAPZ8kVt2Q/Shsh6JY7laI/AAAAAAAAAPA/iT5iYdfvxFs/s400/bearholdingshark.png)	I... don't know how I should respond to this.
While on the topic of C4: there's a title 'The Anarchist' I believe it's called. 50 more then one kills (multi kills?) with C4. Does it reset if you prestige? It seems like I would have it by now if it doesn't	you have to collect the 50 multi-kills within one prestige.
...fuck that noise. I'm not an evil man but touch my wife and I'll cut your face off. 	Hey, *chill out* broseph! Why you got to be so uptight about your old lady, huh? It was just a friendly foot massage, nothing more.
Yeah, seeing we have all that snow and stuff.	Instead of Santa flying to your house, does he just walk down the street?
And the thing is, there are people who would kill for that oppurtunity.	Like me
Yeah, I've always mixed it with shisha, it works great and tastes awesome. I just dont understand how you can use only weed, you'd have to pack a monster bowl, even then I feel like a coal wouldn't be able to burn the whole bowl.	Exactly, it's a waste using only trees in my opinion 
'Looks like Chuck's taking the old skin boat to tuna town!'	Can't believe no one on reddit said 'makin' bacon'
I've had mine for over a year and absolutely love it! I'm in the process of saving funds for its big brother the SBDX001.  Hope you wear it in good health!!!	Nice! that would be a great piece.  Good luck!
He took some time to settle but he was a monster for my fantasy football team. He seemed to be another victim of AVB. With the potential signings, I wonder if he will stay?	Isn't he set to be released (I might be completely wrong)?
I'm assuming this was from a guy, but it's much more interesting to assume it was a girl.	Same here
Soosej!	Jesoos
That one with them dancing is more probably WWI-era. 	Oh yea I just noticed the helmet. I will correct it newlinechar 
Cocoons	What are the purpose of them and what do they do?
I have never been tested but I am familiar with it.  That would actually explain a lot of things from my childhood on.  Without telling my life story, I would say that I have a mountain of circumstancial evidence that would confirm that diagnosis.	Ah, ok. Well, if you feel like it, [this](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/8440399/Paddy-Considine-Knowing-I-have-Aspergers-is-a-relief.html) is an article on this fantastic British actor/director who discovered he had Asperger's in his 30s. It may be of some help/comfort.
Yeah I have the same problem with them. And as a geologist their energy policy seems super unrealistic. Still I voted for them anyway because they seem to be a positive influence in terms of stopping lobbying,and understanding the youth positions.	They've definitely been getting less and less crazy over the years - in the past, the MPs would've been the ones arrested. I'm hoping in a couple of terms, they'll be almost normal. newlinechar  newlinechar The Greens seem like they're nice people at least. 
Bring Goldbond. (If you're a man)	Yes. Very important. One of my worst Bonnaroo experiences was being told that they were sold out at the general store. Ended up wandering through the campgrounds asking everyone for some, until someone obliged.
Oh god, my two favorite ponies. Wha- why WHY can't I upvote more than ONCE?!?	Try clicking the arrow three times.
Because of the implication.  	Wait. So are you really hurting these women?
ANY type of projectile (Jarate, Milk, Arrow, etc.)	Not needles though.
This. This is goddamn genius.	would only work if the same staff is there...
do you think they'd be willing to make a special reddit cupcake? we could eat some at the Global Reddit Meetup	If you guys are interested, they can do special orders, so they could make you guys some custom ones. If you go into the store and ask or call them, they could hook you guys up with something pretty sweet
OOOOOOH LOGIC BURN	[OOHHHHHHH!](http://i.imgur.com/lfqcN.gif)
Or both.	He did not say 'or a gag', he said 'and a gag'. This indicates both.
There are descriptions of the characteristics of an arahant in the suttas, and he does not have them.	I need to look into him, but I feel skepticism is an appropriate response to the 'I am an arhant' statement. 
I got it for 22 with shipping and no tax	If it works (even with the minor issue of holding down the reset), then I'd say you got a damn good deal.
Hahaha your father is a scholar and a gentleman.	Haha he appreciates that. He laughed when he heard that. Have an upvote, good sir!
well, there are multiple subreddit clones...	I think it's fair to say that we're doing slightly better than /r/fakemon.
Squirrel! 	I HATE squirrels. 
You just gave me the best tool for the GRE's. Have an upvote.	I have no idea what that is but I am glad you have benefitted.
Ace Combat 4: Shattered skies. That is all.	I've never actually had the chance to play that masterpeice. Though I did watch it on youtube. Had just as much fun as I would have playing it. It was still amazing.
Please explain some of them (and Mac or PC?).	so far I've only been on 1 server, just a really weird FOV glitch though, everything is small and mouse sensitivity is blown up significantly.
Tis only a vase... 	You could turn it into a bong :)  Haha only kidding, I knew it was a vase though, just got my hopes up when I saw it.
if the whole set list isnt levels/levels remixs, im going to boo him off stage	What about 'Call me maybe'? newlinechar 
Mike Holmes would not approve... newlinechar  newlinechar ...after banging the chick	time to make it right!
I once drove 30kms with my emergency brake on.....SHIT HAPPENS 	Idiots happen.
Sure, but did you post a 'NOPENOPENOPE' meme picture? newlinechar  newlinechar If not, then I'm prepared to accept that you found it scary. But for every genuine person, there's hundreds of 'look at me, I'm saying NOPE a lot, everyone tell me how clever I am' comments.	NOPENOPENOPENOPE
A decent girl would laugh at the absurdity of the comment and treat it as a joke  	Depending on how you say it, obviously yes. If you say it while in auto-pilot seriously. Might get a bit awkward. If you say it sarcastically, she would find it funny/awesome.
chya.  newlinechar 	totally, dude.
You...you're name has to do with pickles! But you know about banana subreddits. Which side are you a spy for?!	[Whoa man. I'm just the war photographer.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIXCRgN-MNQ)
...I'm gonna call BS on this. Feel free to prove me wrong, though; god knows my 6 year old dust collector could use an upgrade, and for cheap.	I've had nearly the same CPU as the one he's got there, and it's been just fine for a few years now.  Yes games can run on max settings with a decent GPU.  No, it's not as fast as Intel.
RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR	SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
You should start charging them for electrical work.	As the dude who always does tech support for friends... Unless they're super close friends, they pay in a few beers, or a meal. I don't feel comfortable taking money from friends, but if you have a marketable skill, you market it. 
I was quoted in the Daily Mail ripping on Woody Harrelson's Rampart AMA.  I only found this out a few days ago... newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2096768/Woody-Harrelson-falls-victim-Reddit-disastrous-Ask-interview.html	dude your practically a celebrity now
[Croat here](http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m3f5xsoP9z1qmba1ro1_500.jpg)	haha. That's a first. I have meet a few Croats and they seem pretty chill, but you if you dare mention the year 1991...God forbid you'll hear the end of it.  Same thing with Serbs.
Three new heroes soon? That means... three heroes next two weeks or so... 1.5 heroes per week... 1.5... 1.5 is half of 3! half of... 3... HALF LIFE 3 EVERYONE!	E3 is next week. newlinechar  newlinechar HL3 announced. newlinechar  newlinechar 3 new heroes.
'But no living Man am I'	Indeed! I used the movie because I couldn't remember the exact wording from the books! :x
Is that a dude on the right? Check out the mustache.	I'll forgive you for not noticing she's a nigger.
More like 500	What kind of deer have you been dealing with?
Only Tucker isn't. Everyone else is. Dog has another son, Wesley, who is Mormon. 	What would they think of, say, an atheist or Muslim?
Am a sherk made of derk terp	Wertch mer swerrmmm!!
That's spooky	Know what's spookier? The most common application method is dissolving the chemical in pure acetone then soaking the plant in it and letting the acetone evaporate
[Relevant.](http://i.imgur.com/glvnj.jpg)	What an obnoxious campaign. Did they really spread those fliers around?
(while this should be true to ANY faith...) I THINK the blood/organ thing is specific to the individual, and while it might be frowned upon, doesn't usually interfere with how someone (especially a non-JW) goes about their body.	Ditto for this situation. 
I assume it's generational. A lot of them feel, at my gym, like the locker room is an okay spot for personal grooming. In the mornings there's always someone shaving naked at the mirror.	...well it is an okay spot
Is any of this for sale? I'm interested in the mini-standee most.	I doubt he's about to sell off any of the items he's been collecting for 11 years to some guy on Reddit. 
(f )f()(f )f(f )f newlinechar  newlinechar ()(f )f()() newlinechar  newlinechar Cause this is THRIL-LE	**NOVELTY ACCOUNTS ARE FUCKING CANCER!** newlinechar  newlinechar Translation: This looks like a promising karma train.
I can almost guarantee they're not.	Google them, you can find them in various caliber sizes for sale on many sites, and, yes, available to the public.
It's not about getting one-upped though. It's just about noting your mistake and learning from it.	you're saying it like it's a drastic life altering mistake
[Like this?](http://image.shutterstock.com/display_pic_with_logo/954082/97264958/stock-photo-young-asian-man-with-thumbs-up-against-white-background-97264958.jpg)	I think he meant happyasiandoodgivesthumbsup.gif
The Cowboys are the Lannisters because everyone hates them.	Cowboys are Targaryens because there's only one left: Tony Romo, mother of Dragons. Started awesome, because a waster of seasons, wandering the desert whining about shit and getting hard-broken like a schoolgirl.
A very Radiohead heavy segment.	I'm completely ok with the amount of Radiohead in that segment. 
Even so, I feel like it should have been left to be discussed on Deckbox. Invoking Reddit as your personal army isn't the way to do things, unless it's *really* called for (which it was not in this case).	It came from the reddit trade thread, hence the reason for the cross post. The post was absolutely warranted. The personal info was not. 
No, James Bond would be packing heat and be able to defend himself. He wouldn't need to dabble in carrying around decoy wallets and cell phones.	He wouldnt even need to pack heat, he would disarm the attacker and use his own weapons against him.
Ironscale Shyvana I believe. Not sure why you are so surprised... newlinechar  newlinechar Edit:Stupid fanpop.com sorry guys.	definitely not shyv on my screen lol
Creatine is a steroid. True story bro.	Serious question:  really?
Does anyone else think it's interesting that Republicans immediately jumped to the assumption that women would abort a fetus based on the fact that it was female? They specifically used the words 'little girl' instead of 'little boy' or even just 'fetus'.	I do have qualms with the use of 'little girl' as opposed to foetus or another term--but girls are far more likely to be the ones aborted in sex selective abortions, so they're being pretty spot on with the gender claim.
Just be careful now, take a look here before you set up shop. http://flood.firetree.net/	I appreciate your concern, but I am more interested in the issues dealing with BitCoin.  We can have this conversation over in climate change.  
I'm more of a Farkas kind of guy. 	Farkas gives a shit if he sees you breaking the law. She doesn't.
If you build a system that only lasts 10 months, you have failed to such an extent that I can only weep for you. newlinechar  newlinechar A mid-grade gaming PC will last easily three years.	Yep, this guy is correct. Built my system 2 years ago, still playing everything on max.
that song is fucking awesome.	Hell yeah it is. I even got a picture of three birds sitting on the porch that I proposed to her on. 
lol you think watching the movie actually helps you figure that out? newlinechar  newlinechar [](/hahaha) You're in for a fun time...	 It's  1:4:9  I know that for some reason! [](/twicrazy 'How confusing could it possibly be?')
I'm a mix of British, French, Irish, Greek, and Persian ancestry. newlinechar  newlinechar I win.	It must be tough to be at war with yourself *all* the time! newlinechar 
If we continue to stupidly refuse to schedule A&amp;M by then, I volunteer my alma mater to fill that spot!	REMATCH.
What are the purpose of them and what do they do?	It ranges from seemingly nothing to a species evolving
I turned this reddit over to another person. PM BobO.	Gay man here, where do I sign up?
I still live with my parents...	This is the most depressing thread I have seen all day. I have no money, no girlfriend and I live with my parents.
Then I'd ask 'Who the hell is he?' because I need to know.	His name is [Brent Corrigan](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m3tzefaYcm1qa4ncro1_500.jpg) A.K.A Sean Paul Lockhart. He's actually a quite established gay porn star. Another picture with the whole 'sexy nerd' thing [here](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m3dtokoNih1rrwwvpo1_500.jpg), sorry it isn't bigger! 
Even if you don't normally like clop, it's worth reading. It is much closer to an adventure/comedy fic than it is anything sexual. I can't remember for sure, but I don't think there are any terribly explicit scenes in it. Easily one of the funniest fics I've read.	It's largely from a Spike POV - and everyone *tries* to censor themselves around his baby-dragon sensibilities.  It doesn't always work. newlinechar  newlinechar [](/manspike 'He gets jaded rather quickly')
He's not incredible though.	I agree, he is perfectly credible.
Lol who cares, they're trying to come back from a 0-2 hole, they wouldn't care if motherfuckin' Tupac came back from the dead to watch them.	I feel like they would care if Tupac came back to start the zombie apocalypse. Just sayin
&gt; drive north till you hit I-94 and take her east newlinechar  newlinechar You should probably go south for bj cheerleaders.	For myself, I'd go probably northwest. Regardless, be nice and quit picking apart my convoluted 'Ann Arbor is a whore' joke for holes in logic.
Of course it's hilarious! Clearly, the Cowboy on the bottom of the pile is gay. Sheesh!	Gay Cowboys are still winners.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar ...that cry alone in the shower after every season like the rest of us. 
((FYI, for some reason this is not showing up on r/masseffect, even when I sort by newest posts))	((Yeah, I noticed it when I first posted, but I already deleted and resubmitted. newlinechar  newlinechar I may just link this story on tomorrow's news post.))
Or they should be.  Have you met my boss?  That fucker doesn't tolerate this shit for nothing.	I've always thought your boss was a pretty good guy.
You've gotten smarter already!	Look at all his comments.
Oh my god in rent? She was so fine, i'm a gay man and i'd do her!	My god, you sonofabitch, you beat me to it! Signed, Another Homo Miss Dawson...
I have no idea what that is but I am glad you have benefitted.	GRE stands for Graduate Record Examination, I have to take a biology version of it to get into a Masters program.
Yup, It teaches good business techniques. 	We didn't know those Chinese children were working in unsafe conditions.
Yes. Along with everything else about her.	Hmmmm Payback was a great flick. 
I normally wear 11.5 in all my running shoes and most casual shoes. I dropped down to a 10.5 in these based upon the recommendations in the thread and couldn't be happier; they fit amazingly out of the box.	this is good to hear, I ordered mine similarly.. Still bitter mine havent even shipped yet.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN WE'RE OUT OF WHOLE MILK?! newlinechar  newlinechar ONLY SKIM!?	2% AT LEAST. newlinechar COME ONNNN. 
My point is that people argue that there are religious implications in our unique qualities of logic and empathy. In my opinion, those qualities follow the same rules as those of animals, and there is not a line of 'we have these things while animals do not'.	Right, it's only a matter of degrees but difficult to call any of those qualities unique unless you use a very narrow definition of them. But even if you could show that we do have unique qualities that still wouldn't mean they originate from religion.
Its only around $30-$50 more down here, guess its just market environmental changes, oh well. [](/ppshrug)	You can get a 7870 for &lt;$300? Where is this?
RIP? Where did shortkid go?	The Diet Coke...
'Take us, for example', they added.	What? You're claiming Bill O'Reilly is biased! He's not, just ask him!
Belicheck is a complete Tywin.	Well, after beating Stannis, Tywin was heard to remark, 'Best army in the kingdom? Suck my dick.'
Well I can count to potato, newlinechar  newlinechar at least that's settled.	I only got the potato joke the other day, when I realized that potato's have 2 more chromosomes than humans... And so do down syndrome people. (Or is it 1 for people?)  newlinechar  newlinechar Took me years to get this joke. 
haha i will, i just feel odd smiling in pics. 	I was convinced the first shots were the 'before' pics based on your facial expression.
Whew.  My story is to ugly to share. 	share
I think you need a drink.	I don't know what a proton is either. Can I have a drink?
To be fair none of the studios/distributors involved were the 'major' studios.	Probably why they actually took a risk with it instead of filming Darkman 5.
Hard to know. Feaster seems more focused on developing prospects and signing free agents. It's far from the Darryl Sutter approach, Sutter seemed to have a hard-on for trading everybody. 	Speaking of prospects, hopefully Sven plays in the NHL this season. We need a boost of young talent. 
It's like it would be prohibitively expensive/environmentally disastrous to sink an oil tanker just to see if there's suction at the surface.	I didn't mean they should do it life size, I mean they shouldn't do it at all, or at least be explicit about the unreliability of their experiment.
why are people downvoting you? you gave him exactly what he asked for! newlinechar  newlinechar its a good article, btw.	Only one person downvoted him. newlinechar  newlinechar But yeah, I'd really like to know what goes through peoples' minds when they downvote perfectly relevant, unbiased posts??
oui pour moi. c'est dommage mais c'est comme ca. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Si tu dis que c'est dommage, c'Est que quelque part tu te rend compte que c'est une mauvaise chose, right?
nah sorry man.  deep south lol newlinechar 	damn lol
That is Lady Grey lol.	My favourite kind of tea.
You pulling a yacht?	Fun fact : even relitively small boats  are too heavy for the average 1/2 ton gas job pickup to tow efficiently and reliably through hills and valleys. That's why the big 3 make 3/4 and up diesel pickups.  newlinechar Side note: fuck you! :)
Can't really spoil a documentary	SPOILERS!  newlinechar  newlinechar The Titanic sinks at the end.  newlinechar  newlinechar END SPOILERS! 
UHHHHHHHH... CANADIAN CUP DOESN'T COUNT?	IT COUNTS IN CANADA
[Jon is one of the top candidates for the spot.](http://awoiaf.westeros.org/index.php/Azor_Ahai/Theories) Although I have to admit, I would laugh if it were Victarion.	I'd love if Victarion or Jaime was Azor Ahai because that's classic Gurm. The legendary hero returns as a rapey lunatic Viking or a headstrong one-handed sisterfucker.
'I wouldn't buy GOOG at all.  My reason?  Webcrawler (or, if you prefer, Lycos, AOL, Netscape, etc.).  Search sites are a fickle thing.	Google isnt purely a web browser now is it?
This is another video from wearechange, they are streaming a bilderberg protest right now for donations.   newlinechar  newlinechar Does anyone else think Jacob Rothschild has a cartoonish accent?  It's downright comical, or maybe it's just my ignorance to EU accents. 	'Cartoonish' also describes the way he looks.
Cool, thanks everyone. I dropped my donation (LOVE that part is charity!) and bought 'em. Next ignorant question - are these games I can download and then play offline? Because that would be a wicked way to spend time when I lack an internet connection for my Redditing. :)	They sure are! All the HIBs are DRM free.
Isn't he set to be released (I might be completely wrong)?	Not released, but Chelsea are looking to sell him (according to reports). 
Being skinny does NOT mean you are healthy.	Can not upvote enough!
OR express to Blandford	hell ya. in the morning when im already late for work.
So what does he think of her now? Is he going to leave her or stay with her? I'd dump her in a second if I knew she would cheat so heartlessly after everything OP has done for her.	I have no idea. He hasn't responded to my further questions and only said he'd get back to me tonight or tomorrow.
Yes the other HOF is dripping with integrity. Great performers like Mike 'the rapist' Tyson and Drew '???' Carey shouldn't have to suffer the injustice of an inferior HOF even existing.	How dare you forget Bob Uecker!
I was going to post the whole awkward meeting and nervous laughter bit.. But, decided to cut it short to the meat of the story, aka the swinging part. Because that's the meat of the story... As it were.	May I offer this as a rebuttle? Testicles.
You there, good madam, from where do you hail?  Me thinks you come from Motown, WV.	Madam? Haha  newlinechar  newlinechar I'm in WV yes. 
neegron pls	acualy is paul kinsey
I know. It's happened multiple times too:(	Uh, that's not how virginity works. It's sad, nonetheless. 
Knives work fine, too.	Blades don't need reloading.
No anime! But I'd love to see it animated by the teams that animate The Boondocks, or especially by the studio that makes the Avatar series.	The boondocks animators are amainzg. I loved the animation on the kickball episode.
Why restrict the items to vanilla only? What items were exploiting the system?	I think some Scoot weapons were pushing the medics back.
For those who don't know, Pete Best was the original drummer of The Beatles who got canned right before they hit it big.	IIRC Pete *chose* to leave the band to stay with his wife (they'd just been married). 
Tip of the day: when you enjoy a comment you can click in the upvote arrow	god damn. how do i turn these things off?
Hmmm, that's what I thought. I'm pathetic at photoshop, should leave it to someone more talented	If you draw it, scan it, and email it to me, I can go over it in photoshop.  I have a tablet and was an art major for one very confused semester of my life.
[You really think someone would do that?](http://i.imgur.com/I87Va.jpg)	[not possible in the least](http://gifs.gifbin.com/032010/reverse-1269602901_no-no-no.gif)
Depends where in Beaverton.  I live in S. Beaverton and I can see mt hood from my house.  	Agreed, I lived near Scholls Ferry and Murray and I had a view from my second floor apartment...
I would looove to go to a taping, but I'm obviously on the wrong side of the country :(  .. but good luck to you, and remember to run!	&gt; remember to run! newlinechar  newlinechar Lol! But seriously, how long do you think he stayed out in the open? I imagine he can't stay out all night, so...
Their stock has actually been doing poorly lately due to bad first quarter sales	That's due to their new 'no sales, just low prices all the time' plan, which Sears tried in the 80s. The strategy also failed terribly, then.
What type of computers do you use? And what IT/CT's rates get sea rotation?	we're using old crappy Dells that honestly, sometimes I'm amazed they can handle reddit lol.  newlinechar  newlinechar All IT/CT rates get sea rotation of 1/1 I believe, except for CTN. That's almost 100% excluse to 2 shore locations; ft. Meade, and somewhere in Hawaii. 
Someone on the bloodyelbow.com forum summed him up perfectly- 'the best fighter to never wear UFC gold.' EDIT: 'the best UFC fighter to never wear gold.' is what I meant to say. Sorry I screwed that up	We did this before on here, and I'm not sure I can think of a better fighter who never won a major title or tournament. 
Wait, hot teen ones or born-again 50 year olds?	*Ugly* teen ones.  Homely, at best.
What did she do to the child?	I may be wrong but I think if he wanted to tell us he would have.
And people wonder why I despise this show.	The show's good, it just lacks meaningful character development. Which is common for a kid's show like that. 
Your links are bad and you should feel bad.	There I fixed it. I Imgured it.
Hmmmmm.... indubitably.	I love when a malapropism ends up making sense.
Nice try, Bill Murray.	You called?
But be sure you schedule lunch about 2 hours into the AMA.	And be sure to let us know about your new film, Rampart
When I come to Portland for my tar and feathering I'll buy you one!	I'm sure I'll buy you several in return!  :D newlinechar  newlinechar 
It's not the kid or the age, it's the system. In america, we just hand out licenses like candy.	So very true. I just got back from a road trip in Europe and the adherence to the 'keep right, pass left' rule makes highway driving so much better. 
Well at least with Diablo, there's still a slight chance you might get a copy one day.	You wouldn't download a girlfriend.
Shit, was that that Found_You novelty account (or whatever the fuck it's called)? Because that shit is creepy and I can't imagine why it's allowed to exist.	I'm not sure what the account was named but it's creepy as hell.
Phase 2 is the *anal* phase.	No, the most powerful of each of the sites is chosen. Then the Reddit, 4chan, 9gag, Facebook war can commence.
I see him more as Hodor.	'Eli,' Eli Eli'd.
You misspelled prophet.	Indeed I did..gonna leave it so your reply is still valid. Thanks though. 
an fide chikin!	and a face
We were in the middle of a $4k/hr dinner rush, and some dude ordered a filet well done. newlinechar  newlinechar Anybody that knows food knows you don't order a filet well done, you might as well order a boiled flank steak.	or they have personal preference. Its psychological but I cannot eat meat with any pink at all or I'll gag reflex. fuck that guy
[everyone's reaction to this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8X_Ot0k4XJc)	As soon as I seen the title before the video fully loaded... I laughed just like the ostrich.
( . )	phew, that was close!
[PROOF]	I'm glad that's not a link. I don't want to see it.
I got hooking too. After all, erotica writers are cunning linguists.  	cunning linguists. newlinechar  newlinechar *BA DUM TISS*
I always felt like mammoths were probably warmer than tontons anyways.	*Tauntauns FTFY
I'm interested, keep those stories coming, they're great! :)	Thank you for the compliment!  I seriously appreciate how receptive some of you have been to my writing, and I can't convey how much it really means to me.
I hear em in the evenings	Thanks. I'll be romping around close to where you sleep sometime soon, then. Just so you know.
&gt; Their city would have to change before that happens. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY.	Its true- Green Bay simply isnt a big enough city to host the superbowl. 
Jew here. Your argument is invalid. 	hey my grandpa died in the holocaust!  he fell off of a guard tower
Now this is a nice collection. Nice to see some quailty instead of a bunch of the pictures of the usual crap. Good for you man	Thanks for the response man. I was thinking the same thing when I was uploading these pics.
Yes, very odd... http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lr35x0yfvA1qijezx.jpg	Fuck you. I can never unsee that.
Is there only 4 Street Fighter games ?	Is there any other words you could have started your question with? newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: And by your logic the next iPhone won't be called 'iPhone 5'. It will be called 'Super iPhone 4 Turbo'.
[](/rjoy)You mean, I could eat pizza forever!?	Or just waste it all on their wings.
I don't have XP...or money :[	I use Lbuntu (a light weight alternative based around ubuntu) and it runs great on my laptop. You may want to give it a try.
Targaryens?	Joffrey
ooh what movie is this from? looks familiar...	Requiem for a Dream
Ra's is immortal, though, so there's that. 	Not in Nolan's world
the thing about using the internet as a research tool is that you can pace yourself. again, you are assuming a lot here. if everyone took the stance of 'i might as well not try because it might become too difficult,' then no one would accomplish anything. ever.	I hear that. I just got a smart phone, so now I actually have the Internet aside from just at school. It's pretty nice, actually. 
Or you know, ask a doctor...	Fuck that I ain't rich.
James Bond will show up.	I instantly thought of the Gustav Graves fight scene. newlinechar  newlinechar Despite what everyone says, it was a great movie. Haters gonna hate.
We'll need pictures of course. For science.	But mostly for us..
Idris Elba all the way.	He already plays a character in thor, don't think they'd have the same actor in their own universe 
[Have you ever been to Bricktown or Thunder Alley?](http://piedtype.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/thunderalley.jpg?w=700) newlinechar 	well to be fair it mostly looks like black people, hispanics, and broke college kids who couldn't afford tickets. 
definitely not shyv on my screen lol	That is not Shyvana. I am redirected to http://www.fanpop.com/spots/lost/images/964275/title/lost-banner-fanart?ir=true
Expensive, but something like this might work.      newlinechar http://www.amazon.com/NEW-Ergotron-45-246-026-Mounting-Arm/dp/B005WUBQG0/ref=pd_sim_sbs_p_7	Yeah but some gamers (Like RTS players I know) play on a very low DPI, so need a lot of space to move the mouse.
They came out of the same vagina.	Good 'nuff for me.
Dont let fear stop you from doing something you want to do. It feels good to take care of an animal. I suggest 2 cats because they keep each other company. Of course if you dont really want a pet thats a different story. Just think about it.	I think I might do that. Just having another living thing in the house would cheer me up. :)
I'm just saying, people aren't obese because they *don't know* about healthy diet. I'm saying they know, and they supersize it anyway.  newlinechar  newlinechar Banning large sodas is wrong. Taxation makes more sense. 	I agree. It actually makes sense, it's equitable and electable.  The profit margin on fountain sodas is ridiculous. Each supersize soda cost less than a nickel (not sure what the actual cups cost themselves, but still)
uh, no I NEED THEM &gt;:O You can bet I'll be bidding on this one.	nuhuh!!! going 300 on this :D
This is golden. 	*Goldeen
THIS MOVIE. It's the best.	'Disco isn't dead... Disco is LIFE!'
i dont understand how punto is still in the Majors. he is horrible. he should move down to A ball. 	He is the modern-day Lugo.
GOD damn if I don't see someone bitching about them on every post. If you've been here long enough to see it posted all those times in the past then you've probably heard of reddiquette and how it says to not bitch about reposts.	I see this every few weeks, I agree with him this is posted a lot it's pretty annoying
[Good heavens](http://lusipurr.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/PyramidHeadRapeClock.jpg)	hahaha time for the siren to go off.
Man, why wasn't this chick in The Wise Man's Fear? newlinechar  newlinechar Thinking about it now, that may have killed the book.	What, the constant friend-zoned-by-a-prostitute mooning by the main character seemed out of place to you? Are you crazy? newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: I do not usually use the term 'Friend zone' but that seems to be what was being portrayed in that book. Other than that I loved said books.
Ah, I have friends who are from Tampa. Do you have the Tampa accent?	Hmm. As far as I can tell I only have an American accent...usual pronunciations and such.  Could you describe it?
Professor Slater? I hear she doesn't date students. 	'Mr. Winger, we never finished our intercourse.'
You should write a letter to George Lucas.	&gt; implying George Lucas is a good enough writer not to have his characters speak in internal contradictions...
You guys will all be on the second mission, Sun One.	They will colonize the fuck out the sun.
You should say something.  He should know, if only to get checked for stds.  Also she is probably still screwing around behind his back.  You would expect your friends to do the same for you.	It happened years ago if he would was going to get a std he would have it by now. 
I was watching some of The Slap videos a little bit ago. How old are you, and a boy?	I'm a dude in my mid-twenties.  Hand went over my face immediately after writing that. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT:  Thanks for the nice replies. 
Phil? newlinechar  newlinechar Ned?	I sure as heck-fire remember you!
The motto of every camper.	My buddy is in the military IRL.  He plays Battlefield 3 and camps all the time.  He thinks running around like an idiot gets you killed, finding good cover to take out the undisciplined is what wins wars.  Hard to argue with.
*Welcome to the real world, jackass.*	*MAAAAAAAN*
Added sugar, that isn't just peanut butter	Are you god?
[Actually, William Shatner prefers this method](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84IZxWvOWWY)	I was looking for this video when I posted that!
in the same way saying 'misogyny doesn't exist' is an example of misogyny, or saying 'racism doesn't real' is an example of racism.	ah, ok.  I just don't view those as sexist or racist, which is why I didn't understand.
I would love to see one of these with Benny.	this x1000
elitist to think the people that actually give a shit about hon enough to join reddit are less likely to be problems than people who just log on their free accounts and rage nonstop?  yea man that is some elitist bullshit, i will go back to my ivory tower	I can promise you that there are a whole bunch of shitbags on this subreddit, too. newlinechar  newlinechar There's less, I would imagine, than the average in regular hon/hon forums. But they're still here.
Ferrari, for a track day, every time. 	BF.c OT? newlinechar  newlinechar :shifty
&gt;The girls are never upset or degraded	But when they are it's because you WANT them to be degraded. 
My anthro graduate program was the first PhD in the country to see this coming more than thirty years ago: applied anthropology for the win. 	Yup same here, our entire department was shut down in the early 90's and reopened with a completely different purpose geared towards applied anthropology
Your English is good; don't worry about it!	You don't know how long it took me to write the other comment! But thanks!
Check out Character, Damage Done, and The Gallery.	And The Mind's I
You're doing it wrong. 	This is Reddit. He's doing it perfect.
The fact that you don't use it means you're already streets behind.	Goddammit.
Yes it is, I just wanted to share two memories of mine. My sadness isn't any greater than yours, nor is it lesser. newlinechar Feel free to message me about whatever making you sad. I know thats random, I just enjoy helping. 	my problems are super trivial and arent even worth the trouble, yet i fret.
What? Generation gap? It was a show on G4TV a couple years ago before G4 went south.  newlinechar  newlinechar What made you think i'm talking about my childhood? Pokemon and Hunger Games?  I am very confused right now.	That's what you get talking to old people. Our stories wander. Seinfeld, Garfield, rap music, Doom, cell phones and Domino's pizza and Fedex all happened at the same time. newlinechar 
MOAR photos!! She is super cute.	Will do, tomorrow likely!
D: newlinechar  newlinechar Sorry man, I dunno what to tell you! I'm not very familiar with this tool at all, so I'm not sure whether there are 'older versions' or what.  newlinechar  newlinechar Updating your Firefox an option? I'm currently running 12.0. newlinechar 	I'm running on 1.20 too. That's cool though. thanks for sharing that coolness!
Grandpa, get off reddit and take your meds.	I also don't mind suspenders. 
One day we will only speak in XKCD links. Everyone will know each comic by the number so they don't have to click the url.	Darmok and Jalad at Tanagra.  Temba, his arms wide.  Shaka when the walls fell.  Picard and Dathon at El-Adrel.
Part of aussie culture is to take the piss out of yourself no matter how harsh or truthful it is.	There's a difference between taking the piss and mean-spirited hatred, but as I'm not Australian I won't comment any further, since maybe this is legitimately taking the piss down there.
Is that Seamus?	Nope its nobs, who is confused with seamus, who is a totally different dog. Nobs only appeared on the live version in pompeii, not seamus on meddle. 
I ripped my foreskin once banging a chick by slipping out and into her dry asshole. I had to get 6 stitches on my dick. There was SO MUCH blood. newlinechar  newlinechar True story.	Did you finish ?
I'm all about being alive, though...	Lol, that's why it's fantasy. :)
Get those crotch muscles ripped.	My taint pop is like 6'
It felt like a film.  We just happened to make the most dramatic mistakes possible.  In the end, it was just stupid bad luck.	*Awesome* bad luck. You have earned a brilliant story.
The mods there are asses. They sent me a penis picture.	Did you WANT a penis picture?
So do we. Here is the funniest one [IMO](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_1YILI2ce488/TRUPekcuixI/AAAAAAAAAFY/oqjTTXxtNhI/s1600/Creepy-Face.jpg)	I hate you. I should've read your username first.
Hahaha What is that, 6 errors in one play? Good lord!	That throw is what gets me. As bad as one of my little league throws.
Context and group thought. Once you get passed a certain negative point people just downvote to follow the group.	Also the joke could have just not been funny.
I just cant picture a girl charizard, it seems so odd newlinechar  newlinechar although there was that girl one in the training camp that ashes liked..	I understand, the masculinity of Charizard is hard to picture as a girl. Oh well, it's shiny. Who gives a damn? XD
I love seeing these ghost pranks. [This one is pretty funny too](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DQ7jKGZ5efQ&amp;feature=related)	[And this is when they cross the line](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=3knXNdTtOcA#t=23s)
Haha, I wish. I'm in SoCal.	Maybe they deliver.
Thank you. :)	Yes, very sexy.
What a moron.	A fucking moron.
As a person, or as a musician?	Yes.
Spurs are giving it to Duncan in the low block WAY too much. Once he gets the ball, the entire team stops moving and it becomes a 1-1 play.	And credit to Collison, Ibaka, and Perkins for playing great defense in those one on one post situations with Duncan.
I play 3.5 and Pathfinder, haha. I can't say I've played Scion, Exalted, or Star Wars, but I hear very good things. I've played Shadowrun before, as well as D20 Modern.	My husband has been working on a Hellboy campaign(the source book is GURPS Lite), I can't wait for it to get off the ground. I'm going to play a descendant of Tesla who's had her nervous system electroplated to make her super-humanly fast and agile.
I want back the old sound :C	but there should also be an option for those with female characters.
She's been out for quite awhile now.	Hi there. c:
Hey katffro, is it hot in here or is it just you?	:'D     newlinechar I've been waiting my whole life for this and I don't even have a response.
Hells yes. ~~Probably~~ Definitely my favorite show on TV right now.	Awesome. Me and my friends got into a pretty awesome speculation conversation about Season 5 tonight. Really looking forward to it. 
The guy asked me how many likes the video has. :C	Yeah, I'm not sure if he was confused or said the wrong thing.
Thank you! It's really cool to be able to provide feedback to authors directly. Gotta love reddit!	I agree...we live in great times when authors and readers can connect in ways we've never been able to in the past.
To be fair, it's one affiliate and not the national network doing this. newlinechar  newlinechar This post is like being surprised when your high school newspaper misspells a teacher's name in a funny way like 'Mr. Icyweiner.'	I know, and that's the point. It's been pretty much all local OC/LA affiliates that have gotten these wrong.   newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Correction, this is apparently the NY affiliate. I thought this was one of the local guys. ABC in OC/LA is also ABC7.
It felt kind of unfair, because me and you were the most experienced in Fantasy, it was Barbie's first time, haha. 	True kinda made her go broke for Ortiz, but everyone has a stacked line up. I have never played a 8 person league.
You made me look again, and I am greatly disappointed.	But they're delicious!
God dammit. I hate this with all of my passion. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Don't hate me cuz I'm bi lol.	Dooooommm!!!!!! 
It was worth it for the awesome explosion.	Damn straight. The look on the old dude's face after the substance worked was priceless. newlinechar  newlinechar wildfireexplosionupvote.gif
BA dum kish	[For future reference...](http://instantrimshot.com/)
You're right. I read the title quickly and probably just saw what I wanted to see. I live in the midwest of the US where there is definitely a stigma associated with being a stay at home father, depending on the social circle you're in.	Fortunately, the times they are a changin'. 
[Whoa man. I'm just the war photographer.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIXCRgN-MNQ)	It will always bring back the fondest of memories....
Bingo!  It's escaping Earth's gravity that takes 90% of the energy.  The rest is just 'coasting along.'	But you're also a lot farther away if something were to fuck up.
No, I'm just a sort of sullen type who feels better when I meet cool people.  No manic pixie dream girl.  Just one more lonely person who knows there's something better out there.  :(	Oh, well, thanks for making me feel like an asshole, I guess ._.
There is more than one color of Solo cup, but red is most common.	There is more than one color of Solo cup, but red is the correct one. 
During the Total Biscuit stream, Higby made mention of the possible return of the Lodestar post launch, it was something they were talking about. They were also talking about the possibility of being able to spawn vehicles directly from the Lodestar	Thanks. I'm having to wait for the YouTube upload so I haven't gotten a chance to watch yet.
if she really started acting like those women on that show, i feel bad for you	Honestly, yeah, and its been a real stressful few years so I guess I appreciate that.
I have all old lady teachers, I am the 1%! Unless you count the three insanely hot gym teachers as real teachers, then I'd bang the living shit out of them	What would you do with the dead shit?
New style. Those shorts aren't working well with your body type; they completely square you out and get rid of any curves. You would be better off with a traditional bikini bottom, as it will make you look better-proportioned and give your natural waist some room to breathe.	Ah, that is what I figured I would get. I guess I should have listened to my sisters when they told me not to get it. Thanks!
Not in Nolan's world	You sure about that?
The first time cause I didn't know any better. newlinechar  newlinechar IT'S NOT LIKE THAT IT'S JUST THAT BOYS ARE MORE APPEALING, SHIT. newlinechar  newlinechar it's normal. ;_;	What's the anime? I'm curious :o
Just a question: if Darius ults a minion and it kills it, will the skill go on cooldown? If no, then I think everything is working as intended but if yes then it's rather strange because clones don't count as champions when using other skills (Katarina passive, Yi's Highlander).	By minion do you mean Mordekaiser ghost etc.? 
/r/tipofmytongue	Oh wow thanks! I didn't know there was a subreddit for this!
He basically did [this](http://i.imgur.com/ikaTE.gif), newlinechar  newlinechar while I [freaked out](http://i.imgur.com/PQPo6.gif)!	Those gifs explained it better than words probably could.
what is this thingie you speak of?	Whatever *the item* is. You didn't notice she never mentioned what it was? newlinechar  newlinechar ^edited ^for ^gender ^accuracy
Except that a mini-sentry makes it damn near impossible to land on your target due to push back. But if you're that good at air strafing, I guess you deserve the kill. 	That's why the mantreads are there
Yup. I had gained ~10 pounds due to antidepressants (~1.90m here, don't start with your fancy non-metric stuff) and I hated it, suddenly meat where none used to be. Now back to my old weight (~65kg) and it feels so much better.	It must be hard being perfect. Some people don't give a shit about their health or their weight, because the satisfaction of eating what they want is more important to them. Just because you don't feel the same, doesn't mean you can be a condescending asshole about it. 
It is sometimes.  [For Instance](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-F36fnCwSx30/TV1slwPGcFI/AAAAAAAAAB0/sYFbOprDGgc/s1600/wrestler.jpg)	Well, shit. You got me there. (Side-note: impressive.)
It's not THEIR fault... it's the bacteria in their gut.	You should see how I respond to kids with the sniffles when they get too close to me.
Heh his first chance wasn't even given to him because of the circumstances that surrounded him. I'm cheering for him as well. I just hope he won't turn into a player that the media will exploit constantly everyday.	The media are going to exploit him no matter what happens. Imagine he signs for the Dolphins think how big his story is going to be on Hard knocks.
read up on a marine named dan daly.  received one as a private and one as sergeant major.  he has many favorite quotes including the famous do you want to live forever line.	Also [Smedley Butler](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smedley_Butler)
Not sure if anyone finds this interesting, but I think economists have taken the roles previously filled by philosophers.  Political decisions and general social behavior are guided more on economic principle and what economists are saying than what philosophers are saying.	I wouldn't say economists are the only people guiding public policy.  However, I think economists seem to care more about concepts of tradeoffs, feasibility, and incentives more than philosophers do.  Those are really important for analyzing public policy.
Well now I have to tag you as that.	This guy's pretty famous. newlinechar  newlinechar He has the Master Sword and Hylian Shield from LoZ  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I'm jelly bro. 
ah, ok.  I just don't view those as sexist or racist, which is why I didn't understand.	Most people on SRS would call me a sexist if I said misogyny wasn't real. They would also call me a racist if I said racism didn't exist.
The problem with that is if you google the dead guys name, Dionicio Arrindell, you'll easily find articles with the name of 'The Marine.' I don't understand the need for anonymity.	Maybe he only did the interview on the condition that they not use his name.
He's trapped in Reddit.  newlinechar  newlinechar Basically at night he skims everyone else's karma and adds to his pile. 	&gt;Basically at night he skims everyone else's karma and adds to his pile. newlinechar  newlinechar It's funny because in a way, he actually does this.
pretty....wallpaper link?	Couldn't find the original source. newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/n8NHE.jpg
Wasn't there a new issue released the 21th of May?	It was the last one :-(
Fuck off, Bimbo. Everyone has a sponsor. 	Quakes don't :D Take that Amway!
Yeah, the devil's in the details. Wording means a lot to people, apparently. I was sexually molested as a little girl, and I don't blame myself, but it would've been awesome if I knew some sweet moves to get that guy in the balls.	In my experience there's just one move to get a guy in the balls  newlinechar  newlinechar * Hit them in the balls
This is horrible	But isn't that the point?
Blocked in my country...never seen that before.	You're kidding. Srsly? :/
Is this true? Anybody got a link to a video about this or anything?	It's true.
Requiem for a Dream	I accidentally watched that at an [8] yesterday. I wouldn't recommend it.
the *worse* is the coming back alone, yeah. So much.	I bawl so hard before I get on the plane to go home. Worst thing ever.
And four cases to put them in! Ach du lieber!	Four cases that only apply to the adjectives and the articles, which really isn't too bad relative to other languages. Finnish has 14 or 15 cases, which affect the nouns themselves.
What would they think of, say, an atheist or Muslim?	As long as you treat others with respect and dignity, you can do whatever you want. 
&gt;Reave + Throw newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY	If you can alternate perfectly, sure, but using reave and warp means it didn't matter what order you hit mobs in.
Dude.	Moral qualms from anal_explorer?
That would pay for my transport to and from work for the week. That's about it. 	That would only get me there mon tue wed, even at the discounted post peak hour rate :(
I was at that game. newlinechar  newlinechar You don't even know..	:-( 
Don't think this is real time, but its from [2008](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLiX5d3rC6o). newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: [Real Time](http://i.imgur.com/QIKHr.jpg)	currently, the problems are with the fine things; like wispy plants and hair. That's where I always look, anyway.. hahah
Not released, but Chelsea are looking to sell him (according to reports). 	Oh alright thanks for the info.
Mostly by keeping to schedules and routines that I made for myself. If those routines get jacked up though, it could make for some rough sailing after awhile. 	I'm gonna give the schedules and routines a go then :D! I did once, it got messed up and it was sort of difficult to get back on anything. I got a month free to try different things. 
Not exactly Game of thrones style, but I had a hair braider do my hair for my wedding: http://imgur.com/SpKCx	Was your wedding themed after Ever After? Because that's totally what that picture reminds me of.
Si tu dis que c'est dommage, c'Est que quelque part tu te rend compte que c'est une mauvaise chose, right?	peut-etre. newlinechar  newlinechar mais la souveranite est un gros point dans leur platforme (et selon certains, la plus importante raison pour l'existence de ces partis la) et etant donne que je suis contre, je ne peux pas voter pour eux. newlinechar 
You look so much like her!! It's super weird.  When I first saw part of your face I was like, 'OMG IS CINTIA A REDDITOR AND IS MAKING GW POSTS?!'	You're like the nicest person ever. I love you.
It wouldn't make sense for it to be tied in with DLC and then have them hype it before ever deciding to do anything with it. It already has a purpose in the game.  newlinechar  newlinechar 	But what is it!!!???
Nahh I think you misunderstood. The way I took it was that OP responded with the 'I've seen bigger.' So the girls version would be if he said you had a tight vag, and then you said 'I've seen tighter' 	Reading comprehension skills = 0, apparently.
The one game I'm not looking forward to	Don't think anyone is, what a bad decision for a game. We wanted co-op not a MMO.
She has very pretty eyes, a great complexion, and an overall pretty face.  However, the hairstyle needs to change.  It's hiding her pretty face.	I disagree. I like the sweeping bangs
You guys are stupid why are you scrALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOFISH	Oh my god it's sALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOFISH
May I offer this as a rebuttle? Testicles.	It has been admitted into evidence, filed under label D-Z NUTS.
He's also in The Mighty Boosh. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm old Greg!!!	Ahm Auld Greigg! Ah gotta mangina!
I'm wearing this same combo today... [link](http://i.imgur.com/VVRwZ.jpg)	Looks familiar! 
[Here you go](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=5%2F3%2F1+bbb).	This is awesome.
Mila Kunis doesn't seem to appreciate the salami.	glad im not the only one who wants to believe it's her
[](/wtf)	after you sat on it? [](/creepy)
Looks similar to reishi/ling zhi - maybe something close to it	I concur. newlinechar  newlinechar It would be nice to have other details, such as flesh texture and any odor.
Eric Clapton is a blatant racist.	Towards colored people not from America.
Far enough.	ENOUGH!
Do you know of any other ratioless trackers?	Truly private? No. But you can always take a shit on your ratio with demonoid. newlinechar  newlinechar If you're *that* worried about ratio (and I realize that you might be), rent a cheap seedbox; they start at ~$10, and will take care of your ratio problems.
Opera.. Gragas?	I was actually thinking opera Cassio. When she ults, instead of that loud hiss, she sings that high-pitched loud opera thing that female opera singers do a lot. I'm not every fluent in opera. newlinechar  newlinechar Gragas is okay too. Also: Netscape Orianna.
[Hello](http://i.imgur.com/5WwkG.jpg)	Fuuuuuuuuuuuck
I love you Waky xD thanks! I will definitely try the confidence route, keep calm, and I plan on taking a Twilight blind bag I got from a friend to my other finals xD. 	[](/rdhappy-Rarityisbestponi 'Happy to help, friend. Good luck!') newlinechar  newlinechar [](/rdsitting-Rarityisbestponi 'But remember that confidence and swag will never replace actual comprehension of the subject.')
This was in Oakland huh? I was also there.. 	No way?! That's so tight. Did you have fun ?
Well, by 'normal', I mean I've seen it enough (mostly if I check in with memebase) that's it's not just some stupid thing that never got used.	It was on 4chan originally, I believe. I spotted it there about 8 or so months ago. But hey, I could be wrong.
That play happens a lot and it wasn't all that obvious. I think no one would have really said anything if they didn't point it out during the telecast under slow motion replay. newlinechar  newlinechar ps Wade is a douche though	A Pacers fan has to think this way to protect the legacy of Reggie Miller and his Bruce Lee jump kicks.
What the fuck is going on	Karma train. Let it pass.
Hows the new fling taking it?	Extremely confused. He honestly had no idea they were together. Apparently the (ex)girlfriend told him that they had split a long time ago. He had a lot of questions, which I answered honestly, but kindly. The guy really seems to have gotten lied to up and down in this matter.
Ok so I'm at a restaurant right now, and the waiter just complimented me on the band. He was in a band that opened for them, the acacia strain and caliban a while ago. Awesome. 	They're my favorite band, and I have the Seuss shirt, I probably have it worse than you, no one even notices that it mentions a band, they just see the Seuss quote and the Cat in the Hat.
Even if they don't completely get it they're getting it enough.	Strictly looking at it through their eyes - in advertising at least - they know they've struck gold. Having an audience captivated for even 15 minutes in their book is amazing.
You asked for it motherfucker	I've made a huge mistake...
&gt; Access to the Camera hardware is now supported for Android apps, allowing many more application types to work on the BlackBerry PlayBook tablet.   newlinechar    newlinechar Hopefully this means we have a fully working Skype.	unfortunately, nope.
In movies though, this guy is still hot as fuck.	Completely agree. 
Pluck your eyebrows a bit? That's honestly all I could think of... You are very pretty now, and I could see you being 'sexy' when you get older. 	Yeah, I'm lazy about plucking. I have them waxed now, but I haven't taken any pictures. And thanks :)
Let me guess, you named your dick 'opinion'	Oh god.... Best dick joke I've heard in a while..
&gt; and Blizzard's track record in WoW newlinechar  newlinechar I'm not sure we were playing the same game... newlinechar WoW ~~was~~ is full of bots. They just aren't as game breaking as they are in other games. (eg this one)	I think that's what he's saying. He's concerned because blizzard's track record in WoW is god-awful... and it is.
[it's very true](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clitoromegaly)	WHY DID I CLICK THAT? newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.eyebleach.com/
Dessutom r det mnga arabisktalande i Sverige nu, s det r viktigt inte bara internationellt, utan ven inomlands.	&gt;Inrikes.
Wouldn't corn sweetener imply that it sweetens the corn? ;)	Not necessarily, corn is an adjective in the case of 'corn sweetener'.
I'm unclear of your meaning. Your critique of US-backed policies, or Peru despite the Shining Path? 	The example of US-backed groups in central America, without disputing that there are also plenty of nasty Maoist insurgents in the world.
How did my ears survive my childhood	With Choreographed dancing and neon pink t-shirts.
Okay so an absolute of &lt; 20gs carbs, and the rest is mostly flexible? As long as I have more fat than protein? Wow I need to hire someone to regulate this for me! 	i'd aim for 20 or 30g of carbs, your brain will use them up anyway. and then figure out your protein needs...usually 1g of protein per pound of lean muscle. and then fill the rest with fat. 
You can also wipe your butt with a baseball bat and a sock.	I WASH MYSELF WITH A RAG ON A STICK HER DER
Then I would argue with the statement that women are inferior drivers. Fewer yet more fatal/disastrous does not = better to me.	I'm just saying it isn't as simple as good and drivers.
Thanks, I was hoping we'd see Castellanos already. Guess not.	Ugh dammit! Don ur retarded sometimes bro..
I heard they had to shoot him 6 times.	While I do not condone his violence, I admire having the dedication to finish chewing before opening your mouth in front of the police.
but cats	The cat was probably this video's only redeeming quality.
Children are property based upon the homesteading principle. It is nobody elses labor than my wifes and mine. So you're going to make some exception to homesteading now as well?	Can I homestead you if I provide a service to you without your consent, like save your life if I'm a doctor? newlinechar 
I, for one, get scared when I hear the ambience noise...	Same, but I still love it.
You didn't miss out. When I finally found a copy to borrow and played through the dungeon, I left underwhelmed.	That's odd, I left fairly whelmed.
Like me	And I! Who are we killing? 
It is a nice shout out to Glover's fan's who made a push to make him the next Spiderman	They did the same thing with Troy's Spiderman shirt at the beginning of S02E01
Well in all honesty I don't think taco bell had ever claimed to be authentic Mexican cuisine. It's shitty, cheap and fast. 	That should be their next advertising slogan.
[Like this?](http://i983.photobucket.com/albums/ae315/pnutz313/videoa.gif)	Yeahhh!!!
My friend (who really disgusted me when he said this) said he finds it repulsive that Jenna changed from a guy to a girl.   newlinechar  newlinechar 	Screw your friend but also I love your username :)
Yeah, if your looking to keep the operating systems up to date whilst using it professionally I wouldn't go with a hackintosh. Some would no doubt say otherwise but I am a video producer and I wouldn't want to work on a potentially buggy machine.	thanks for the nudge! :) newlinechar  newlinechar with that in mind, i'll probably be leaning towards a vanilla mac, now. seems like the safest route. newlinechar  newlinechar looks like i've got some saving to do.
if you need advice just ask! I used acrylic paint. Acrylic is very thick so i mixed with water and did multiple paint layers. newlinechar 	Awesome! I have some really good acrylics which I'll probably use to paint the characters, then I'll buy some cheaper acrylics that are probably diluted and use that to paint the scenery.
It has to be their real name and you have to have their face in your mind while you write their name. If they see your face and write in your nicname it still won't work, has to be real name and correct face.	interesting.
[](/rspitfire 'I hope he's not too shook up about it. Think we could replace her before he noticed?')	[](/rdsmile 'sure he is still passed out, but all I have is a cherry pie')
You shouldn't have walked away. You should have waited to see if this person could possibly think of a way to refute this logic.	True, but I also like having my job lol
And, we've always got Mother 4, eh? :D	I guess, but I was only counting official installments.
[Ahem ahem](http://hardforum.com/showthread.php?t=1104341)	The natural extension of the idea. newlinechar  newlinechar Actually I think veggie oil systems were the first in the oil cooled craze. Puget just perfected the idea and made it look kickass.
I wanna cut you, dirty thalmor.	I seem to get that a lot...
he will say reddit or 4chan. nobody likes 9gag. It's the rule of the internet.	[](/e08) I know multiple people who like 9gag... I just don't understand it.
what is this	Someone has no clue what the article was about.
That movie was brilliant.  I'm still keeping my fingers crossed for a sequel.	Likewise!
Thanks, just broke my neck looking at that. 	Sorry. 
I'm sure OP is using Google but also trying to tap into the community here, which includes a lot of bright people that can help with these type of questions.  It's worth a shot.	this. Probably should have made that clearer, sorry.
No problem. Laziness is a full-time profession for me. The only reason I took the time to put the  there is because my phone keyboard makes it super convenient.	Lucky, my laptop hates making things easy :/
? newlinechar  newlinechar Not getting that reference. Care to enlighten me?	[here](http://www.guardian.co.uk/lifeandstyle/lostinshowbiz/2012/may/24/will-i-am-olympic-torch?newsfeed=true)
Nope. newlinechar  newlinechar [](/wutlestia 'I'd be surprised if you didn't')	[] (/manspike 'Awesome')
So true.. Even hardened by all the stuff I've seen on the Internet, reading Theon chapters make me cringe - and then he tops it and makes me cringe all over again. 	I too enjoyed Theon's chapters.  I also enjoyed reading Jon's chapter's in Dance more than any of the previous books.  I still thought Tyrion's chapters were interesting but not as enjoyable as in previous books, though this is completely understandable considering what happened to him just before.
I think it's your fashion choice. The beard plus the style doesn't go well. My son is 14 and dresses the same. I'd say keep the beard and upgrade the wardrobe. 	yup
THANK YOU!!! I'm glad someone understands!	What, your kids not like baked potato?
It is planned sooner then that.  Patch 1.1 i think they said. 	thank the gods
that was an old ad for the playstation 2. [here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfvPTn1IoTU) it is	Thank you! \^_^
Hmm. As far as I can tell I only have an American accent...usual pronunciations and such.  Could you describe it?	A lot of the Tampa people I've met drop sounds randomly. newlinechar  newlinechar Sorta li thi. You ge wha i'm sayin? (exaggerated, obviously)
ROFL. Maybe they are just out to get you.	They're like the Compys on Jurassic Park.  Brazen and relentless little suckers.
Yeah showing maybe a couple hundred people on facebook you know and showing millions of people on reddit is the exact same thing. 	you never know who is watching
... and snowboarding guys are so clean cut and well-smelling? Who the fuck cares whether you think they are fuckable?	Yep, those girls would smoke most of us. How weird to turn it into a 'want/do not want' thing. Do you think they do this because they're trying to impress dudes?  Nope. They do it for the same reason you do, and they do it well.
What are group subreddits if I may ask?	You can chain subreddits together with '+', and their content will be grouped together. 
*white newlinechar  newlinechar damn Californian education.	Came here to ask how you managed to find an undead PC case.
As a browns fan, just fuck the steelers. 	the only browns fan besides my history teacher thats cool with me
Twilight wasn't even mentioned in the post. Damn, do we have to drag this through the mud every *fucking* time another book / movie series is mentioned? Just let the horse be dead already.	Reddit and it's dead horse is still a better love story than twilight newlinechar  newlinechar ... newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar ... newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Sorry, hadn't had my turn yet.
Yep. Seems like a long time, but well worth the wait! And I just ordered like... Yesterday... Should be here by august. Painful wait... &gt;.&lt;	Fuck that makes me sad =( I won't be able to even order mine until next friday when I have cash. So I'll probably have to wait til august too. I don't even know which one I want yet newlinechar 
That picture used in that 2004 Halo 2 calendar is my favorite Halo graphic/image ever made. I've re-used that image tons of times for backgrounds, wallpapers, etc. Love it.	That artwork is one of my favorite Halo images as well
Lol idc, when I play CTF trying to grab the intel just gets me killed. Higher KDRs are the only thing to come! I get your point though	DM;RJ
Just because it's a dark comedy doesn't mean it can't still scare you.  It's a fantastic film.  I need to get around to reading the book one day...	But I mean he never would have gotten away with that in real life, he wasn't really careful.
The NSX needed a cigarette after that lap.	2:10. He overranged the speedometer. Jesus. 
Oh man my psychic powers are going great in this subreddit! newlinechar  newlinechar Again reported 24 hours ago. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.reddit.com/r/chelseafc/comments/ucib7/rumor_latest_rumor_in_for_hulk/	I think Hazard/Hulk will be unveiled together on Sunday or Monday (first business day).
Snowmobile	upvote for ongoing sarcasm
cunning linguists. newlinechar  newlinechar *BA DUM TISS*	You gotta have a sense of humor if you're going to write smut.  I was belly laughing like crazy the first time I wrote deep dick delight.  
Sorry dude. We ended up meeting up with some chinese couple and getting high, drunk, and seeing a sex show... it was awesome	was it the chinese dude from Royal Mandarin across from Bernies? That guy is the shit, make sure to go there. 
Yup same here, our entire department was shut down in the early 90's and reopened with a completely different purpose geared towards applied anthropology	Well our governor really didn't think the world needed anymore of us, then my advisor/department head informed him otherwise. We liked to show that our applied anthros have created or influenced more job creation than he.  newlinechar  newlinechar http://prezi.com/vmvomt3sj3fd/this-is-anthropology/ newlinechar  newlinechar 
Inb4 OP gets banhammered from SRS.	Actually, I got banned a few minutes after posting this FYI. So it's inafter5.
for the same reason we have both crocodiles and geckos.	And Canadians.
would only work if the same staff is there...	They story may carry on if he's good enough.
I ordered my stuff (plane tickets and hotel room) a month or so ago, and I was watching a sp00ky stream that mentioned it on there.   newlinechar  newlinechar I would be sol if I didn't watch that random stream.....	We had a group going. I just canceled the hotel rooms. I'm so pissed. 
Yeah, damn. I was sure 'lool' was a karma landmine. Well, back to my basement for a few hours to plan my next comment.	Well, it was a landmine for sure.  It blew up in your face big time.  Perhaps you meant goldmine.  You're just full of missteps today.  
...how do you audition for a mute part?	his stare is enough to make me shit myself
I disagree with your opinion. What exactly was wrong with Independence Day?	I concur. It was an imperfect mess of popcorn thrill seeking but I'll be damned if it didn't keep me on the edge of my entertainment seat for its entirety.
Darmok and Jalad at Tanagra.  Temba, his arms wide.  Shaka when the walls fell.  Picard and Dathon at El-Adrel.	Spectacular response. I had to look it up, but it is indeed exactly what I'm talking about. newlinechar  newlinechar To save others some time: http://en.memory-alpha.org/wiki/Tamarian_language
There is a section on his website for 'Downloads' that has a bunch of stuff.	Last time I checked this didn't include any wallpapers though, that's why I figured I would see if there were any fan made ones available yet. :-)
Only with prep time.	and he's always preparing.
You don't know how long it took me to write the other comment! But thanks!	Yeah seriously your English is good. You from EU? Asia? 
Jens and I share the same cake day. Am so happeh.	Jeb?
Lets try it... All on board	Reporting for upvotes!
They forgot to patch that bug.	they'd have to reboot the whole system. not worth it for such a small bug. 
Wow, a goddamn hippie being a hypocrite. That's surely a surprise.	For fuck's sake, people. Relevant username.
I could stream it, is there a simple way to do that?	Of streaming? I dont think so. It isn't worth your time to set everything up because I am sure somebody else will stream it soon. Thanks anyway &lt;3
Check the oil!	'When in doubt, check the oil.' - my coach of four years. 
Lol inv me 2 ur XBL party so we can go play groundwar	Nah I am all about the S&amp;D, not a groundwarfag, fag. S&amp;D= Shit &amp; Dick. rofl
They're in France, not in paranoid 'won't you think of the children' US.	And Canada
Well, it talks about unicorns too, why not aliens?	Don't forget the talking bush.
But not literally a dollar! Processing your payment will eat all of that up - might as well pirate it at that point, to save them the hassle of dealing with your cheapness.	$0.30 cents is the commonly decimated price that costs... so $0.70 is still better - especially if 20 000 people give it.
to be fair, we can't really claim it's 'ruined' until we've seen the original.	Unless that camcorder was drunk, it's probably a good bet.
no doubt. my sister lives in Pittsburgh, it's a beautiful city! - here's a [picture I took](http://i.imgur.com/h2BxX.jpg). I love your downtown ballpark, it's awesome..... much better than the team has been over the years :(	Only 3 games back from 1st. We have hope.
Shit, mine idles at ~32c	You can tell that's a low temperature by the squiggly line.  Just like air conditioning.
Dude, he's almost 6'6''. 	10/10 would not fight
NIGGUH FUCK DAT WIFE BOFF DEM BIEEHHS. DAT SHII GODSENT! 	ND PAY TWO CHIL SUPPORT CHECKS WEN DEY ASS LEAVE ME?? NIGGA I AINT NO BILL GATES JUST A HUSTLA TRYNA PEDDLE SUM SMACK NAHMEAN? #CANIGETAHELLYEA? 
Came here to save this guy from oblivion.	Psssh, Martin Septim did that already.
Anyone streamin him? :D (can't get pbe to work)	Terra is streaming it: http://www.own3d.tv/live/24035
And nobleness in the hue of the fur. newlinechar  newlinechar Stunning. 	Yet probably licked his ass straight after this photo was taken.
There's a ladder?	No, that's the point T_T
I work in the shop, not on the pit crew. I fab components for all of RCR's race cars.	That's just plain awesome
I'M A VERMONTER HA I WIN	YOUR NAME SOUNDS FRENCH SO YOU LOSE
usually it's because it flopped the first time, but it got over 1100 points the first time.  Dude either has alzheimers or zero creativity	Dude needs his karma fix.
What an obnoxious campaign. Did they really spread those fliers around?	I believe so. I got it off [a thread from a few weeks back](http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/td62y/subtle_psa/).
There was a punchline?	I didn't really put too much thought into the title. I should have put something like, 'A title that doesn't express the joke.'
[](/y11)I tried to load it on my toaster, but so far I've got nothing but burned fingers.  What am I doing wrong?	Your toaster must not have enough RAM. Try and download some more.
For fun walk around an airport with a wireless packet sniffer.  	Better yet, walk around with a device broadcasting an open WAP titled 'Guest' or 'AirportNameFreeWifi' and see how much data you can intercept.
You're kidding. Srsly? :/	yeah. It says it contains content from WMG, which is blocked in my country apparently.
So, all the time then?	Exactly.
Are the japanese dvds and bd only jp dub or is there an optional english sub with them? 	According to CDJapan they are Japanese dub only. No subtitles at all (English or Japanse) and obviously no English dub.
Yes of course, that was the original intention and hope. I havent heard back from a few mods though and realize some may not want it.	I made an [IRC channel](http://cbe005.chat.mibbit.com/?server=irc.snoonet.com&amp;nick=nickname%3F%3F%3F&amp;channel=%23singularitynetwork) for the network so if anyone needs help setting it up they can drop by and I'll probably be in there.
Un bigote grande, pero, manteca!	Manteca, bigotes, gigante, pequeo, la cabeza es nieve, cerveza es bueno.
upvote for ongoing sarcasm	Upvote for you!
Given that it is Obama who keeps expanding the USA drone program into new countries (Somalia, Pakistan, Yemen etc) and now using it to murder US citizens without trial, don't hold your breath on that.	That's the joke.
This is the most depressing thread I have seen all day. I have no money, no girlfriend and I live with my parents.	I wish i could say it gets better, but i have no clue...
It's Robert Redford...	pick me a winner bobby
I was actually thinking opera Cassio. When she ults, instead of that loud hiss, she sings that high-pitched loud opera thing that female opera singers do a lot. I'm not every fluent in opera. newlinechar  newlinechar Gragas is okay too. Also: Netscape Orianna.	Wouldn't Karthus count as Opera too? newlinechar  newlinechar Netscape Orianna yes pls.
What's you basketball background.  I really like you.	I watch basketball - not sure there's much else to tell.
Video? newlinechar 	I might be willing to do it again and film it if this post gained any popularity, but it doesn't look like that's going to happen. 
octopus are cool and all but vagina idk some weird fucks in japan 	Yeah. Vaginas are gross. Maybe if we thought about what they had in common.  newlinechar Both are slimy and at times squishy. Ha but a vagina sprays when happy where the octopus sprays when angry. 
I hope so and i hope s2 gives me back the gold and silver i spent on these guys. newlinechar 	They will, they already stated it.
[This is why I have a dog. [NSFW]](http://i.imgur.com/PG0o6.jpg)	[Wasn't sure.](http://imgur.com/gallery/xwXs2)
This shit happens all the fucking time. If you can't handle it you can't handle the real world, because this is the real world. This isn't an anomaly. Wake up.	welcome to the internet newlinechar 
You were inside a walmart and was fighting walmart security. You probably shouldn't go back there.	I was actually at home in my bed the entire time. DXM makes it nearly impossible for me to move.
Exactly this. We're supposed to grab the customer's attention 'as soon as they walk through the door'. That means as soon as that door behind them closes, we ask them if we can help. If we don't, we get in trouble. 	Exactly.  newlinechar  newlinechar And this is why I hate my job.
http://www.twitch.tv/demuslim/b/319968822 newlinechar  newlinechar The analysis occurs at 1:09 and the game at 0:41	Awesome, thanks a bunch.
Get both. newlinechar  newlinechar If you can't, just get Mr. Taxi (since you like the concept more).	aw yeah get both
A lot of the Tampa people I've met drop sounds randomly. newlinechar  newlinechar Sorta li thi. You ge wha i'm sayin? (exaggerated, obviously)	You guys are very generous to avoid calling them by their real names: Tampons.
I read somewhere it takes 7 years to train someone up to full V on all skills.  And then they add new skills every 6 months or so.  Good thing I didn't make any plans until around 2023	If you don't mind me asking, what are those plans?
i would upvote but current score is 69.	Should upvote; Current score is 138, so, it no longer matters :D
When I started studying Chinese, I already had a year of French under my belt, and I started inserting Chinese words in my French all the time!	I do this all the time! Particularly with questions. 'T'aimes le fromage ma?' or 'Toi de mre' were pretty common occurrences. 
why use gunboats?  unless that's just part of the trolling... newlinechar  newlinechar edit: *it's like nothing ever happened...*	Before this update, some trolldiers (myself included) would use vanilla RL and gunboats with market gardener to avoid taking the +100% damage from nearly everything.
What do you call an Ethiopian with a yeast infection? newlinechar A quarter-pounder with cheese.	How do you kill a hundred flies? slap an Ethiopian in the face.
'I think I spilled some milk on it or something... I'm not sure'	'Oh no I remember now. Toothpaste. I was brushing my teeth in my room. That was it. I remember now. Here let me clean those!'  
This guy's pretty famous. newlinechar  newlinechar He has the Master Sword and Hylian Shield from LoZ  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I'm jelly bro. 	[This](http://alltheragefaces.com/img/faces/large/happy-oh-stop-it-you-l.png) was me when I read 'This guy's pretty famous.'
GRE stands for Graduate Record Examination, I have to take a biology version of it to get into a Masters program.	Ah okay. Well good luck!
Tanqueray went up $5.00. 	Yeah but it's Tanqueray.
I think they mean so the *viewer* can disable it.	Or maybe the viewer is disabled. Ever think of that?
You know what was good? Minecraft XD: Directors cut. I loved that game!	I was waiting for someone to mention this 1 :D I feel it had an amazing story. I gotta play it again.
What Hrbek did to Gant is nothing compared to [this](http://mlb.mlb.com/video/play.jsp?content_id=21543637&amp;c_id=mlb).	That at least was the result of a collision--Hrbek straight grabbed Gant's leg and lifted.
gfs always make banelings....	Banelings are cute... All they want is a hug and then they burst in excitement.
Or just waste it all on their wings.	[](/scootie)The only wings I eat are of the buffalo variety. newlinechar  newlinechar [](/sp) newlinechar  newlinechar [](/xx15-r)All other wings are inferior.
True, but I also like having my job lol	Very true, you seem like a top bloke. Have an upvote.
The fuck did I just try to read?	alphabet soup!
Miscarriage. Harley tested to confirm.	Damn.
plain? or numbered?	Ibrahimovic. Couldnt get the second picture to upload so I gave up. 
[Look at this armor.](http://i.imgur.com/C8PJc.jpg?1) newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar [Now look at this picture.](http://www.sideshowtoy.com/mas_assets/jpg/255_press05-001.jpg) newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar They're already here.	Kinda looks like a re-imagined Rogue Helmet from Halo 3.
Yeah, I'm not sure if he was confused or said the wrong thing.	I think he meant it as a joke, since both youtube videos and stuff on facebooks can get likes? Not sure though.
TIL this guy rates people 	Where do you think you are?
There are eight people in the league, including me, and one of my real life friends. I had to invite him because we were short on people. 	gotcha wish I caught it in the thread. I'll have to keep my eye out for if us Boston fans do this again in the future. Good luck to all
Don't get yourself killed.	I'm hoping to deploy. But my MOS is intel analyst. 
Is it douche baggy if I think that would be cool around the neck of the shirt?	Not at all. The original plan was around the base.
Zombies = cannibals... 	Not all cannibals are zombies, but all zombies are cannibals.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 
10/10 would recommend to friends... newlinechar  newlinechar If I had any.	10/10 would fap to again.
Was great when you didn't want to waste a pokemon slot on a Flash user, just dial up the contrast and run through.	And sit under a lamp. newlinechar  newlinechar Glad to know I wasn't the only one to do this.
I'm pretty sure there's an old miniclip game where you played as Elizabeth and Pres. Bush in a shooter. newlinechar  newlinechar It was pretty funny.	[For the lazy](http://www.miniclip.com/games/bush-royal-rampage/en/)
My love for the buckeyes is only equaled by my hatred for these idiots who claim to be fans as well.	I think it's partially due to the large fan base. Ivee been a Buckeye fan my whole life and it seems to me that Ohio State fans in particular can be some of the most despicable, and that there are SO many of them, compared to other schools.
But you're also a lot farther away if something were to fuck up.	As if something fucks up on the moon you can wait a 'few days' for help to arrive?
I don't know what a proton is either. Can I have a drink?	You've already had too many. I mean, you're obviously intoxicated as it is.
is that a fucking GIF???!?!??!!??!?!?! You can't fuck with me like that man	only when you're not looking at it. 
Lots and lots of Shake Weights. newlinechar 	Shake Weight is *sooooo* yesterday. It's all about the [Tug Toner](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMs-4fUZd-k) now.
Bah, what man would ever lie about his size? Preposterous, I say! The really funny part is that someone, somewhere will bust him...	If he's lucky, I keep telling people I'm 20 inches, no one has caught me yet.
Worst state in the world it seems. 	Because China, Russia, and North Korean prisons are so fucking luxurious by comparison.
I *really* love TFTS' TL;DR's.	Most people do. They may not always be true to the story, but they're always entertaining when they aren't.
It is. You should give the series a try, if you don't like to read manga you can always watch the anime... most, if not all, of it is available in english dub and sub. And there are two live action movies.	yes i quite like anime.
...after which they will make more money off you than before.	nope, I'm cancelling the TV as soon as the free period is over... don't need it, don't want it... though even if I chose to keep it I'd still only be adding $10 to my monthly bill
Dont ask. No idea how it didnt come up when I clicked it the first time.	Please install RES, like an adult. 
What you're talking about never happened, and it is not funny.  He never said 'believe it.'  That version only exist in a hell created in your mind.	You're so upset.
Ok... Lime cat.... Aww cute... Wait.. What the- OH FUCK YOU WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY.	I kinda like sleeping, so I'm not going to look, but what exactly is behind that link?
Stop yelling at yourself, god. I can't bring you anywhere in public. You're as bad as you were when you were two years old! Oh wait, I forgot, your third birthday isn't for another three weeks. 	This is good. I'll apologize for all the downvotes you are receiving for no reason whatsoever. 
I literally hope she dies soon.	In the grand scheme of the universe, we're all going to die soon.
What a sissy. If he couldn't laugh about that, he needs to know the first rule of Having A Dick is 'No Dick Is Better Than This Dick'.	Really depends on how you parse that.
[Roman Polanski](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roman_Polanski#Sexual_abuse_case). Though it wasn't so much diplomatic immunity as he was a French citizen who fled back to France to avoid sentencing and therefore was protected from extradition. But I figure this is who c_woolley is referring to. 	I figured it was either him, or Dominique Straus-Kahn (sp?), neither of whom had diplomatic immunity and neither of whom were actively protected by the French government. Also neither of whom were convicted of rape, so yay!
http://i.imgur.com/QMgyY.jpg	what did that guy lose his razor or sumpthin...tss
Is this one of those rhetorical questions?	Is this?
[Results](http://imgur.com/a/KuKs5), again, I would like to thank you all. I have more results than I needed. I also need a premium account to view more then 100 survey results. Sorry about that.	what's a premium account worth? if it isn't too bad I can pay for it, if it helps you get better results.
Victor?  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Is Valence a name? Valiant? 	Valentn
Wow man, 9/11 jokes don't fly around here. 	That's just plane terrible.
Welcome and have fun playing as a Vanu they will need the help and people seem to like the *'PEw PEw!'* of their guns. ;)	Did somebody say Jackhammer?
The limit is currently 1 edit per minute for non-moderators.  More limitations can be added once we see what kind of spamming trends happen.	Sounds good! Thanks!
You don't love all women, and if you do, it's cause you've never had a relationship with one :P	you've been dating the wrong bitches...
I correct your correction [Book spoiler](/b 'Tyrion wants her sexually but wants her to give up her maidenhood because she WANTS to give it up to him, not because 'it was her duty'.')	really? it's been too long since I read book 3, need to skim through it again.
No worries, we all have those days. And there's no better way of alleviating that mood by mocking people on the internet :). 	Thanks for understanding :) newlinechar  newlinechar This actually put me in a better mood!
Why not both?	In the same hole? And I mean that by Tiger Woods standards.
Don't think anyone is, what a bad decision for a game. We wanted co-op not a MMO.	Contrary to popular belief, there are a lot of people that want this game.  They're just not the Morrowind/Oblivion fanbase.  It was a good business decision, and Bethesda Game Studios isn't wasting time doing it, so I don't have a problem with it.
Why is that?	Why use crutches to teach a baby to walk when it has two capable legs?
Let me introduce you to the [Baader-Meinhof phenomenon](http://www.damninteresting.com/the-baader-meinhof-phenomenon/). It can be exacerbated by the fact that you're on Reddit, and that recent attack in Florida has a lot of us nerds on the lookout for other cannibalism related shenanigans and up-voting them. newlinechar 	Baader-Meinhof + [Confirmation bias](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confirmation_bias) = definitely zombie apocalypse. 
If anyone has Netflix I definitely recommend watching the documentary 'Senna'. Such an amazing story.	or here: newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ftoQ8l13Q4&amp;feature=related
Jeb?	Yes. But his real name is Jens.
Pics or it didn't happen	Behold! http://i.imgur.com/d8s5X.jpg
Truckivore? But I think that means it eats trucks. 	You're thinking of [Truckasaurus](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zznR_KTY0Q).
Lucinda Console and no text is coming up? Focus on getting words down!	Both good points. I truly am grateful.
I wonder if there was a funny lookin' guy in there who was lookin' for a good time and goin' crazy out there by the lake.	What'd he look like?
You hit the 'F' 'A' 'S' and 'T' buttons in that order newlinechar  newlinechar And then the same thing with 'A' 'C' 'C' 'U' 'R' 'A' 'T' 'E'	you, Sir (or Ma'am) get an upvote for that
Yes.	Neat.  Thank you for the succinct reply.
I accidentally watched that at an [8] yesterday. I wouldn't recommend it.	Really? I love that movie, at a [0] or an [8]. I wouldn't recommend it to people who are easily mortified, though.
Glad to hear you're getting out and repaying what you've broken and stolen.	Yes I am very thankful for the opportunity Soylentbomb has given me.
If it works (even with the minor issue of holding down the reset), then I'd say you got a damn good deal.	Thanks, I was able to get it to work and it now sits happily on top of my Roomba, taking control of it's actuators and running a more efficient algorithm.
Drell Adept and Drell Adept.	Each with 8 Cluster grenades. newlinechar  newlinechar Biotic artillery.
Is anyone surprised that misogyny is a part of the Ron Paul campaign? 	I don't see how this is misogyny. It's just stupid.
Didn't think about that at first. You'd probably have 2 sets of pistons. (1 normal pushing back, one sticky 'pulling' from the back) The sticky pistons would be opposite with a row of holding blocks that would pull back at the same time the front row pushes.	The problem is mainly that once the up-pistons pull back, the back wall falls back down.  I think all you could do would be to have the pistons wedge themselves in before the fall happens.
Well, the new guy is sitting at our dinner table right now, so I'd be interested in how they'd sweep this under the rug and forget about it.	True enough. What has the new guy had to say about the situation? Anything of relevance or just that he had no idea?
If that's the case then I'll only saw off your foot. 	If we're talkin' *eye-for-an-eye*-type justice, then the jokes on you! I don't even have a vagina.
yes	but just the .2
Did you WANT a penis picture?	No, and they also sent me a lobster picture too. And said they weren't surprised I was swimming in a pool alone.
Sure. As long as you're not calling it hacking.	How would you define 'hacking'?
Long Hallowe'en, and it's sequel Dark Victory. Two Face: Year One. Also, Morrison and McKean did a great job with him in Arkham Asylum: A Serious House on Serious Earth.	Thanks for the Suggestions, I've already read Long Halloween and Arkham Asylum, I will check out Two Face: Year One however. Thanks again, bud!
No, she doesn't have Vriska's quirk. She only replaces her b's with [8](/ag)'s. Vriska also replaces diphthong [e] and the sometimes-ensuing [t] with [8](/ag). Aranea hasn't done that until now.	...is that thing actually called a diphthong newlinechar  newlinechar is it pronounced how it looks
When I read 'Capital City' I thought: *Wait a minute*	Yeah, there's no Chinese restaurants in Capital City! This guy's a phony!
was it the chinese dude from Royal Mandarin across from Bernies? That guy is the shit, make sure to go there. 	i will, but it wasn't
Just get one of those 32 rd mags and really impress people.	One of my cop friends actually carries a 32rd magazine as a backup for his Glock 27. I just wish someone would make one for my G29.
currently, the problems are with the fine things; like wispy plants and hair. That's where I always look, anyway.. hahah	Yeah even in a non-real-time setting that's hard to do. newlinechar  newlinechar [But hey at least we have smooth stuff down](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ec/Glasses_800_edit.png) (non-real time).
You Dallasites really are quite pretentious. Only two sentences and both mention being from Dallas newlinechar  newlinechar College Station has the worst drivers in Texas, though Houston is a close second 	Typo. I won't edit it though. 
^ This.  I was a state swimmer in HS but I've NEVER been able to run any considerable distance.  I just started running 3-4 times a week about a month ago so hopefully that will change soon.	I just came across this and I think you might find it interesting as someone who's trying to ramp up mileage: http://www.nytimes.com/2011/06/21/health/nutrition/21best.html
Reading comprehension skills = 0, apparently.	Don't worry, happens to us all. 
Also works for offhand.	Did not know that!
He may want to overbake your biscuits. newlinechar  newlinechar ...I have no idea what I mean by that. I'll leave now.	It either sounds extremely bad or extremely good - it all depends on what types of sites you frequently visit.
It must be hard being perfect. Some people don't give a shit about their health or their weight, because the satisfaction of eating what they want is more important to them. Just because you don't feel the same, doesn't mean you can be a condescending asshole about it. 	Making excuses for selfish people. Don't give a shit, do what makes them happy
http://i40.tinypic.com/2155kk.jpg	LMAO!
[](/xx30-f 'Shut up Luna.')	[](/xx11 'You remembered my name!')
You just put a smile on my face. Clutch is my favorite band, but I didn't think they fit into a 'popular songs of the early 90s' category since they aren't popular at all. PS [Live is better :)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NuTB1GSt15o&amp;ob=av3e)	Live is better!  I've got tickets in hand for July.  It'll be my 3rd time seeing them.  They are the best!
A vivid haired girl at the vivid festival. That's pretty cool. 	[OH](http://instantostrich.com/)
My man.	That's actually not my opinion at all. My friend used to say it all the time and it used to bug the shit out of me, he lost his virginity to [this girl](http://a3.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/576360_3802791306304_842627587_n.jpg) and stopped saying it almost straight after. :P
You. I like you. 	I like you too...let's do something sometime ;)
Fun fact: The painters are getting paid by the job and/or hour. Sales people who get a percentage of the total goods they sell are paid by commission.  newlinechar But that's a good point: more work is not bad for the painters. 	Plus I imagine it's a nice opportunity to try to one-up yourself and probably satisfying when it all comes together
Of streaming? I dont think so. It isn't worth your time to set everything up because I am sure somebody else will stream it soon. Thanks anyway &lt;3	Ok =)
WHY DID I CLICK THAT? newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.eyebleach.com/	I figured it was obvious enough that I didn't need to tag it NSFW, maybe I should have said NSFL
Bill Murray as Shevek in a film adaptation of The Dispossessed, directed by whoever Bill Murray wants, produced by me. Private Message me, we will set this thing up. 	I'm not sure about science fiction.  Give me some of your thoughts as said producer?
It's because they automatically assume that if you can afford a Rolex, you're a rich, pretentious douche, so they don't want to talk to you.	Ha, if someone thinks I'm a 'rich, pretentious douche' from my lil rolex, then they have no idea what real money is. 
I still don't know why Black Widow was even part of that team. But I think Barton's marksmanship makes him a very valuable asset. As I said before.. I didn't mean brute strength. I meant the strengths of everyone's abilities. And Hawkeye is definitely very able to be an Avenger.	He's certainly able, but not hulk-able. 
While accurate, everyone knows that's really McAllen.	Sure feels like it.
Can you see the boy wearing the gloves? and touching his fucking face with thi8s hands, 2 feet away from a probably unsanitary dead animal? AP my ass, they're retards.	we had to wear footwear that covered up our foot. that boy is wearing sandals...
I self-published Domion, a Coldfire prequel novella.  (Go buy it, everyone!) Outside of the occasional project like that, I'm perfectly happy leaving publishing to the publishers.  	&gt;Dominion newlinechar  newlinechar Links for the interested: [Amazon](http://www.amazon.com/Dominion-ebook/dp/B00770IFRG), [B&amp;N](http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/dominion-c-s-friedman/1108228681), [Audible](http://www.audible.com/pd/ref=sr_1_2?asin=B007SY8QKM&amp;qid=1338516434&amp;sr=1-2). Is also on iTunes (through Audible).
Is it one of your most used apps?  But also, it could be an iPod touch. 	Well, the Phone app is on his homescreen, so probably not an iPod Touch.
When all of the societies that are based off of Roman or Mongol conquest apologize, so will America	Shouldn't America be *better* than Roman and Mongol conquerors? Doesn't being better mean acknowledging our mistakes?
Fuck yeah! Concussions!	I tip my hat to you sir, that made my night
Sight for Sore Eyes still doesn't work with it, and without a hat it looks like you've got a pin-head. I want there to be a style where you can make it look like it did before.	I was very fine with how it looked before. Perfectly fine with Old Guadalajara.
Good point but counter question - newlinechar  newlinechar Should a cop's testimony be weighted on equal ground as a bystander?	in reality testimony should not be weighted at all. Human memories are notoriously fickle. I mean if some dude came to you and said 'hey I just saw Jesus' you would dismiss it. If scientists invented the legal system, eye witness testimony would be inadmissible evidence.
And Durant gets a technical for being pissed about it	He ran onto the floor yelling, that was way deserved.
I guess it COULD have some use for parents who let their kids play with their iPads when they are away from home.  newlinechar  newlinechar That's really the only scenario.	My kids could easily stream me to the poor house cruising down the interstate with 4G LTE Netflix streaming
You do know it's not a rap album right? It is a rock album with Cudder singing and playing guitar and Dot Da Genius making the rest of the track. You can't go into it expecting a regular Cudi album because that's not what it is.	^ exactly. I actually thought it was a pretty good album for Cudi changing it up a little.
We also pay higher wages and have to compensate sacked managers on a consistent basis.	See...who says Chelsea fans aren't objective?
THEY'RE NO LONGER INDIVIDUALLY FLAVORED! EVERY SPHERE IS NOW THE SAME FLAVOR, REGARDLESS OF COLOR! THE WORLD MUST KNOW OF THEIR CRIMES!	[](/ohcrap)
heh heh... you thought I wouldn't notice the extra 'the.' 	Well I fooled myself because I didn't notice it until you pointed it out.
That's what they think... Until you buy a matching model on eBay and turn in perfect time cards +/- 3 minutes for 2 years.... 	Holy shit, I've never gone that indepth on a time sheet scam.  I've changed the time on the server that ran it before, and then wiped those logs, using someone elses logins btw.  That is brilliant for a physical clock though.
I've got it in my right arm, but not my left... is this a common variation?	Same. Same same same.
Look at all his comments.	Guys hear me out on this one. What if we kept his karma at 0? He feeds off of our downvotes and it only encourages him more. So instead of adding gasoline to a open flame, why dont we just shut it off so we dont get annoyed.
High praise! Thanks :D	I wish they'd at least rip you off and steal it haha.
http://gifs.gifbin.com/092009/1253886001_office-no.gif newlinechar  newlinechar Your font does not matter...it doesn't make you a better writer.	But it might make me more of a writer than I am now, as I'm not writing very much at the moment... newlinechar  newlinechar I had no other delusions. Please let me hang on to this one, just for a little while longer?
You can chain subreddits together with '+', and their content will be grouped together. 	How do I do this sorcery?!?!?
&gt;at least 30 minutes after sex newlinechar  newlinechar *within 30 minutes after sex. FTFY.  newlinechar  newlinechar 'at least 30 minutes' equates to a period of time 30 min. 	Oops thank you. Poor word choice.
I'd hope to have it be chief with 3 custom spartan-ivs in the main campaign.	That's what I'm hoping. That'd be ideal. I hope you won't be able to recreate chief in the armory. I mean, they are different types of Spartans. 
I get my mugshot and arrest record. Also, my high school basketball statistics.	St Basterd, leaving behind a glamorous legacy of crime and athleticism.
I've got a lot of friends who voted for him despite being on minimum wage with no future of higher wages. Their reasons; because their parents told them to.	*democacy at work*...
I actually enjoy the ones where the originals are so bad nothing or almost nothing has to be changed. I award you no points.	Thanks for letting us know! We were on pins and needles, eagerly anticipating finding out what you enjoy. Whew! Thankfully that's over. I couldn't handle anymore anxiety. 
Not what I was expecting ***zips pants back up***	Sorry to disappoint. 
Ah, taking Latin I see?	Salve, discipule. Ego botulos amo!
Yeah, I realized it was going to be a problem which is why I got one of my friends to join. I wanted at least ten people, but that did not happen. Every team is full of all-stars now, haha. 	I have also never played roto so it will be an interesting league.
Alternatively, what building do you live in, and is it near the metro?	I doubt the metro is running off his circuit ...
Try Sephora Collection eyeliner, especially the waterproof ones. Their jumbo pencil has the exact same texture as UD jumbo pencils.	2nd this. The waterproof Flashy Liners are....dare I say it...*better* than UD pencils.
I prefer a lady that can handle her booze, than one that needs a sugary drink. It speaks a lot about their character.	I can handle a handle with the best of them, but sometimes I need a break.
That's due to their new 'no sales, just low prices all the time' plan, which Sears tried in the 80s. The strategy also failed terribly, then.	worked pretty well for Walmart
It's getting fized at 8-9 AM UTC June 1st guys. I'd link the tweet but I'm lazy :P	I got you bro newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.reddit.com/r/battlefield3/comments/uerwu/fix_for_the_xpstats_glitch_inbound/
Who should I tell him it's from?	Don't worry. He'll know. 
At least we have that to look forward to.	They won't leave, they'll become the Swim State!
Awww, she's beautiful :) newlinechar  newlinechar She looks a bit annoyed at something though. 	It was just windy so she was sort of bracing against that. 
kinda needs the 'exit' sign, though, don't you think?	That was my thought.
But B2K had 10 and CQ has 10 so 20 total.	Plus, B2K and CQ were two of the five expansions listed so that rules out any possibility of one of them being excluded from BF Premium.
[OmnipotentEntity,](http://www.reddit.com/r/homestuck/comments/ud0eg/homestuck_is_nearing_its_5000th_page/c4ufusy) through the magic of perl.	Alright, thanks! I still don't expect anything significant, but I'll withhold potential smug correctness until after the actual 5000th page ;)
From my understanding you get another semester or two to revise your dissertation and you can present it again	This really only happens when you insist on defending despite your advisor+committee telling you that you are not ready. The talk itself is really a formality, it's your research work, publication record and dissertation that actually counts. 
Just imagining that actually made me feel a lot better, thanks bud.	No problem, this hits fr you my friend. See you in the fall. Btw, what kind of work is it?
Is this just something they were doing for fun, or is it a regular position in, I'm not sure what you would call this game, is it futsal?	It's for fun, it's often done at practice.
First rule of hipsters: never say hipster or admit to being a hipster. I'm sorry but you've failed. Please return your Ray Ban's and your coffee.	A girl at my school came barefoot and said 'shoes are too mainstream'.
doesnt he also partially own CSKA moscow? So technically, it could happen...	I'm pretty sure that UEFA has rules against one person owning two clubs. newlinechar  newlinechar His oil company (Sibneft) had a sponsorship deal with CSKA Moscow for a while. Maybe that's what you're thinking of?
Ha, cause babies.	SO MANY WORMHOLE BABIES!!!!!!!!!!
10/10 would fap to again.	SSSSSSSHHHHHHEEEEEEIIIIIITTTTTTT
Radiohead. I never liked them, thought they were pretentious art-rock garbage, and then I listened to Kid A in the shower after smoking a bowl. [Pic related](http://www.lolwtfcomics.com/upload/uploads/1317557959.jpg) except I was dancing around like a jellyfish in the shower instead of laying in bed.	seeing them in less than a week
Worst tagline ever.	I take it you work for the Miller Brewing company?  
I can't help but downvote you...every time...even on your cake day	your a cold motherfucker
[](/xx11 'You remembered my name!')	[](/angel) one of these days Luna, RIGHT TO THE MOON.
I think I failed at being a smartass.	S'all good. I know that feel bro.CR2 (just for you). :)
You know, some people pay extra for that sort of stuff.	Relevant username. Upvotes.
but just the .2	'I promise' 
What?!  Since when has this been in the game?  Awesome.	as long as I've known, but you have to have pretty unhappy dwarfs for it to happen.
I was replied to by Smosh on Twitter. It was the first time I ever used my account. I got pretty excited.	Same happened to me!
i have this problem, too.	Lots of people do. A lot of people hate on the girls who say they're ugly when they're actually very attractive. Who knows though.  newlinechar That girl might have severe self-esteem problems, much like me. 
Whenever I have the hiccups, I try to force one.  They usually stop for me. 	Scumbag hiccups
So much derp. It's wonderful.	Lol is he crosseyed or is it just the glare.  If hes seriously that derp good luck teachin him anything more than not hugging too hard
How did you know that I was just watching that show...?	I'm L
I just saw something! newlinechar  newlinechar There's red horns above Markarth, and a red *something* (mask? face?) near solitude. newlinechar  newlinechar That's the location of the Molag Bal and Meridia shrines!	Though the horns and wolf are the symbols of those holds.
but Alpha Protocol is GOOD	I love Alpha Protocol but the graphics are shit, the controls are sloppy and some of the upgrades don't make any sense at all.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wh_nZiuFC4o newlinechar I think this link will satisfy your curiosity.	Holy. Fucking. Shit. newlinechar 
Nope, not at all. Downloaded a program called dual-monitor tools that has a few different applications in it. The one I used for the wallpaper is linked [here](http://dualmonitortool.sourceforge.net/dualwallpaper.html).	Thank you.
Didnotexpectending.jpg+10	i have no idea what this was supposed to be
what's a premium account worth? if it isn't too bad I can pay for it, if it helps you get better results.	It's $25 Canadian for one month. 
True, this is not an objective confirmation. It is anecdotal confirmation, though, and it doesn't hurt to try to be polite and say thanks for what I'm assuming is him trying to confirm what I was saying. :&gt;	I believe this constitutes objective proof: http://euw.leagueoflegends.com/news/double-ip-weekend-incoming
He/She forgot to put up [the last photo](http://i.imgur.com/o1ZzP.jpg)	OP truly triumphed that day. 
Haha pretty epic! What was the word?	It was egg.. Haha
I love when a malapropism ends up making sense.	Especially when someone makes a slightly subtle reference to it
Have you seen [this one](http://i.imgur.com/2jfFC.jpg) its one of my favorites. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit:Never mind, you posted that thread, LOL	I truthfully don't get what is going in this comic?
...is that thing actually called a diphthong newlinechar  newlinechar is it pronounced how it looks	Any flowing-together vowels are dipthongs, IIRC. I think there's more restrictions than that but I can't be bothered to remember. newlinechar  newlinechar I once learned a bit of Danish, they love their dipthongs over there.
Google them, you can find them in various caliber sizes for sale on many sites, and, yes, available to the public.	I said almost... 
Yeahhh!!!	I win :)
Man I really have to do this at some stage in my life. newlinechar What model of Jeep is this and how much do they cost?	It's a 95' Wrangler, besides the paint he put a new transmission in it among other things. Another buddy is doing the work for him so I am sure he is setting him up with a deal. 
As a general rule I think punch is designed to disguise how LITTLE alcohol is in it rather than how much.	It depends, is it an open or closed party? Most frats have a in house jungle juice that may as well be crystal light powder and vodka.
Mine is June 8th. I'm registered at amazon, best buy and a pawn shop near you!	Mine is also June 8th o_O
I bet you are gorgeous. Hmph.	HA! HAHAHA...oh that's good. That's grand. Are you a comedian? You should do stand up. 
Apparently you need to go to university, this is a classic.	Why are you talking to me like I didn't get the joke?
We had a group going. I just canceled the hotel rooms. I'm so pissed. 	The only part that the spectator's pass is needed for is the finals. You could still show up and watch everything else, and probably even get into finals viewing. Essentially all what stumblebee said down there.
spill some orange juice on it (or something else) and pretend it was an accident.  newlinechar then you have an excuse to wash it.  newlinechar  newlinechar by the way, fasting on mondays and thursdays helps you to get rid off the urge for sexual activities.	Why Mondays and Thursdays specifically?
He did not say 'or a gag', he said 'and a gag'. This indicates both.	Damn, and here I thought I was being clever. Have an upvote.
E3 is next week. newlinechar  newlinechar HL3 announced. newlinechar  newlinechar 3 new heroes.	at 3pm
Youre walking a dangerous path when you start questioning things like that. Be careful	Oh I know, I guess should really keep these thoughts to myself.
I am so sorry, for what it's worth.	I hope someday to get a second chance at a 15 mins of fame, something like winning the lotto or eating the most cheesecake in a single sitting =)
I knew. newlinechar I have always said McGregor should write a biography titled: 'From Junkie to Jedi'	I would actually enjoy that.
[/Nod] (http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m2cmcglRXm1r8zpke.gif)	I have never seen a more mechanical golf clap in my life...
As if something fucks up on the moon you can wait a 'few days' for help to arrive?	You might have 1 or 2 bars on the moon. No coverage on mars
I'd compliment her personality all night long.	I'd invite her up to my bedroom to play some Mario Kart with the rest of the lads as long as it's a respectable hour in the day and my wife is comfortable with it.
Or even assisting other countries. Can we take care of our own, just try it for one year?	So we can't even give aid to countries like Haiti with the Red Cross? 
Kittens dont suck! Or natural 20's....	Your character comes across a thread bashing on sequels. You must roll your d20 to defend kittens.
They don't poop either!	They just don't poop until they're married 
No way?! That's so tight. Did you have fun ?	Yeah. Expire and Backtrack killed it. Best show I've been to in a while!
Damn, nice one. Sonic Adventure 2 in good condition goes for $30+ on eBay.	The Sonic Boom CD is going upwards of $40 on eBay, and in good condition over $100 on Amazon. 
Whoooooosh!	Not everyone plays WoW or other subscription-based games, Mr. Evil.
If he's lucky, I keep telling people I'm 20 inches, no one has caught me yet.	You mind telling me where you got that ruler? Just curious...
Disbelief: Immune to all positive and negative holy spells. Not sure how that would work in balance. 	Sounds balanced.. can't be cursed, can't be healed.  
I miss her too, man	we all do. A moment of silence.
i don't see why winning and fapping have to be mutually exclusive, in fact i think fapping is a perfectly legitimate way to make a woman uncomfortable, given the right circumstances	But also given the wrong circumstances
Only if their parents sign for them. 	They so totally moved out of that ignorant establishment hellhole. Their parents are like, so totally owned by the warmongering media, it's like not even funny. 
Free Space should just be server maintenance.	Auction House temporarily unavailable.
WHAT THE HELL DID HE SAY?!	You haven't been on reddit enough, shame. 
twice	thrice.
How do you have -17,000 comment karma? I can't even fathom upsetting that many people. I mean, unless I played for the Detroit Lions...	His link posts are pretty funny.
4 slices of turkey bacon is only 120. This is the first time my non-pig eating has come out ahead.	Well yeah of course turkey bacon is fewer calories than pork. But I'd rather eat the extra 60 cals and have delicious, porky, fatty bacon newlinechar ;)
I feel like most power supplies still have quite a few 4 pin molex plugs.  Most accessories (not harddrives/optical drives) still use the good old molex plug.  I know both of my Cooler Master 500 and 700 watt PSUs have a handful of 4 pin molexes. 	Hm, alright I'll go check at my trust local parts shop tomorrow.  I'm just worried I'll go in and they'll be like 'lol wut u want molex fur n00b' and I'll have to kick someone in the nuts.
and a face	and welfare
The white women.	Might just be my location, but I've never seen a black man with a white woman that wasn't obese.
Thanks a lot, I definitely will be checking out Gotham Central. Could you tell me which volumes to get for the Two Face arc?	It's the 'Half a Life' arc, (issues 6-10) collected in the first volume of the series. If that tickles your Bat-fancy I highly recommend the rest of the series.
Dooooommm!!!!!! 	love and waffles, newlinechar  newlinechar *~t3h PeNgU1N oF d00m~*  newlinechar  newlinechar (it hurts to write this...)
Must try that.	I dunno if they would still do that, this was around 2003 I think
...so an opera is like pink floyds the dark side of the moon and a cantata is pink floyd's the wall	And to make things more confusing, Roger Waters of Pink Floyd actually created an opera called [a Ira.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C3%87a_Ira)
Here let me PM you.	I thought this is what you wanted, people! 
That's fantastic, but if you're done talking about how you're not gay we're having a discussion of authority meeting masculinity.	legit wrestling is incredible. the stuff that's on TV and whatnot? blech. 
It's like he's never rubbed tips with his bros before or something	&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232; newlinechar Enough Internet for the night.
I've never actually had the chance to play that masterpeice. Though I did watch it on youtube. Had just as much fun as I would have playing it. It was still amazing.	That was the best one of the series.  Worth getting my SP2 back up and running for.  Actually, i'm going to order the cable now. newlinechar EDIT:Insanity - http://www.gamestop.com/ps2/games/ace-combat-4/13104
These are actually two completely different skins. Glaive warrior Pantheon is the recently announced skin for Pantheon. However, Glaive Knight Pantheon is simply another Teemo skin.	finally.. riot have seriously slacked off on the teemo skins, getting really frustrating watching them focus on lesser matters.
That's just plane terrible.	But the other 2 were funny.
Dude, F2P is the way. League of Legends is like crack. :D	Not a huge fan of moba to be honest and I'm not a competitive gamer, but I've heard good things about it. 
Make a lurker account so they can't see what you've posted.	Or link to a really messed up throwaway.
Nope not just you! It's hard for me to even think of a show that comes close. A lot of people say The Wire but I haven't seen enough episodes of that to compare.	' I have lived under the threat of death for a year now. And because of that, I've made choices. I alone should suffer the consequences of those choices, no one else. And those consequences...they're coming.' newlinechar  newlinechar Chills every time. 
American public TV (PBS) carries it too (at least they used to...) newlinechar  newlinechar QUANDO OMNI FLUNKUS MORITATI	They still do. 
i honestly didnt even think of that thanks. it seems to be a pretty clean hit but ill still try and check it better.  newlinechar 	That would make me so paranoid. I bet this didn't help. 
Not needles though.	Which is bull, a friend of mine is really good with the syringe gun and I feel helpless.
Same place. Different time.	I see what you did there.
well technically every salute is just part of the customs and courtesies including saluting an officer.  if you follow one you gotta follow them all.	&gt;if you follow one you gotta follow them all newlinechar  newlinechar Not exactly, they vary by which branch you serve in, different units, different fields, and such.  For example, the Marine Corps never salutes uncovered, and never wears covers indoors unless under arms, whereas a Soldier may. 
Well I do want to be able to play games without having upgrade anything for the next 5 to 10 years.	for 17k you can afford to upgrade often and still save money.
Wait what O_O? 	Your comment, it made me want brownies, so now I have to do what OP did.
Not gonna cry... Not gonna cry...	[](/rdcry 'I love you daddy...')
Brand new account with first post. newlinechar  newlinechar I can [dig it.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJ6yFzf9G_g)	You've got to start somewhere.
Last time they tried to have a Joker Jr. ...*Batman Beyond: Return of the Joker*	That wasn't Joker Jr. That was one of the Robins. Though they did allude to Harvey having kids from the Joker, which was why batgirl let her go when the joker was shot by Tim (Robin.)   Nerd points!
We can look to premarital agreements to see that familial contracts are allowed to exist absent 'good and valuable consideration'	Could you elaborate a bit more please? I've never heard the claim that a valid contract can be missing one of these components.
Is he related to Robert Byrd (D) West Virginia?  	Only GOP can be racist or white people in general.
This is literally how all my friends from ever were made. People which sort of took an interest in me.	I love getting to know people like this. It's a challenge and creatures a great friendship. 
Med student here, you can deny but you have to refer to another physician. You can't just leave them	What if there is no one else on call? newlinechar  newlinechar Also, just curious: What % of your class would you say are atheists?
I had the same thought. Like when someone asks me how often I 'take marijuana'.	how often do you do pot?
Words spoken of a true Terran.	Plus, blue and gold is ugly. Red and black... now THATS sexy!!!
What exactly did they nail in this picture? The kids?	Im guessing the component cables.
It's actually not a business card, its a piece of a blue index card I cut off	I was joking, just large, i used to roll these for one hitters.
...nothing makes me feel good anymore. newlinechar  newlinechar i mean... thanks, man!	Ouch that resonated with me. 
Whenever I see art like this I assume it's Alex Grey. But it's good to see some other artists in this genre. The more the merrier.	There are actually a lot of excellent psychedelic artists emerging recently. You should check out [Simon Haiduk](http://www.artbysimon.com/artwork.html) as well. And as an added bonus, we'll throw in [Dennis Konstantin](http://denniskonstantin.deviantart.com/gallery/?offset=144), ABSOLUTELY FREE!
Lol...he does. Poor Leo! 	Don't worry, I think it's adorable.
I'm not sure what the account was named but it's creepy as hell.	Hmm it probably wasn't found_you then, just a regular asshole. It's kind of hard to forget an account that just takes the EXIF data from a picture and posts a link to Google Maps with the coordinates they find in it. [](/ohdear)
Haha im glad you liked the pencil. I always hate sending out just cigars. It just feels boring i guess and that was the first thing i saw. 	I pulled the cigars out and there was a pencil, then another pencil then a mint.  I think my trades may come with swag from now on.
I'd like to see headlines not be editorialized 	I'd like to see the constant spew of political anti-Harper articles leave this subreddit.
Wow that's... that's intense. Really adds weight to one's point.	It really did didn't it? I got some serious goosebumps after that. This guy is clearly very talented and I really appreciate the effort he puts into doing this just so we can all get a bit of enjoyment.
What about the odd ones, like pickles?  They're just salty cucumbers, so I can't see them providing much in the way of essential nutrients.	Pickles are an oddly good source of electrolytes.  Some athletes drink pickle juice postgame. newlinechar 
Hi there. c:	Soraka hasn't got any new skins because she's being remodeled.
Why is this downvoted? newlinechar  newlinechar I agree on the door sounds. The current ones SUCK. So annoying. 	Don't know, but I do agree with you the rain needs to be reduced a couple decibels.  But I quite like the sound of it right now.
I hope he/she has a full belly now. Poor little skinny thing.  	oh she does :) shes a fighter we heard her in the wall for at least 9 hours while we tried to find her and that was on mothers day
How... how did you have a rocket jumper as an F2P?  Did someone give it to you?  Because if you bought it, you wouldn't be F2P, and you couldn't trade for one...	You can craft it. 
D:	Yeah, that was awful. ecmmyers, please burn this pic.
10/10 would believe again.	Yay! Civil dispute with no yelling
That's actually not my opinion at all. My friend used to say it all the time and it used to bug the shit out of me, he lost his virginity to [this girl](http://a3.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/576360_3802791306304_842627587_n.jpg) and stopped saying it almost straight after. :P	Oh god....
I enjoy your username	You just earned yourself some upvotes my good friend
If you look in the doorway you can see other people, but i never said it was a party, just his grandpa's birthday.	Exactly what kind of tunes get an 89-year-old (Japanese?) man to dance, anyway? newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: No, seriously guys. As a fairly new DJ (since '09), I would genuinely like to know.
Why do you hate people that can't swim? 	They killed his parents. 
Be careful Lana because your in the DANGER ZONE!!!!	The SS Date Rape?
That song was going against the Steelers, not the Saints.	Two different incidents - should have made that clear. Rooted against the Saints the year before he made the Packers song. Claims to be a Saints fan on a mixtape verse.
As often as it's down or screwed up, i can only imagine the real money AH is gonna be a horrible shitstorm when it goes live.	[This is going to be me](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-Rc8k_D3yYoE/Tw4IyOKMysI/AAAAAAAAAls/awgasVzJMfA/s1600/Stephen-Colbert-Popcorn.gif)
thats the stupidest thing I have ever heard newlinechar 	Some people just dig for this stuff.
Yeah don't worry about him. He has activities.	eating, peeing, pooping and....moisturizing 
i'm not really understanding your differentiation.	Something like a documentary instead of a docudrama.
I came here to say this, LOL! (lots of le)	LMAO (leing my ass off) newlinechar  newlinechar and by that I mean I have nothing to add and would like some sweet easy karma
Yeah seriously your English is good. You from EU? Asia? 	Nope, Quebec.
Sorry, the man mentioning it already got ripped apart by a Mini Chaingun.	Which isn't in game yet bwahaa! 
So far, so shitty.	I saw this and proceeded to upvote the whole chain. Cheers!
Thanks, I'll look into that!	Watch out and do your research. Some of those programmes can be abusive. 
Nice correction there, bro.	It's all good.
Only if you think it was meant to be a fighting movie...which is wasn't.	Agreed, I thought the ending was perfect.  I wasn't expecting much from the movie, but it turned out to be a nice little gem.
You'd like me. A lot.	Pictures..... for science. And good science has at least 5 trials.
You, shut up.	YA LOL TROLLFACES R AWSUM newlinechar  newlinechar YAY 9GAG HUMOR newlinechar  newlinechar (seriously this isn't funny)
I loved the areomorphology.	That was really one of the best parts for me, the everything about his description of mars seemed so trance or dream-like, probably just because of the innate strangeness of the entire landscape.
I use mine for everything too: groceries, beach bag (I live in San Diego), commuting, touring, booze, puppies, mulch/soil from the landfill (not shitting you, I did this)... the list goes on. 	Nice. I think my record for booze is 2 cases of cans (48 12oz cans total), a 6 pack of bottles, and a bottle of vodka. Yes, all in one trip!
What kind of deer have you been dealing with?	500-lb deer.
I watch basketball - not sure there's much else to tell.	Thanks Pop.
Once I download it and print it out, I put it in the crumb tray, right?	Make sure to set it to dark.
I've gotten the challenge 'get 10 kills with a single killstreak', with my gun.	Were you using specialist by chance? 
I refuse to acknowledge a sequel to the Great War.	They made a spinoff, too! They called it The Cold War: Stalin's Revenge.
They will colonize the fuck out the sun.	or sue it somebody is gonna get fucked
Blackberry sucks. I can't switch to other device because everyone I work with is on the proprietary blackberry messenger. Please die.	Sadly I live in the city were RIM is based and if goes out of business a rather large amount of the city's work force will be unemployed.
It is unlikely that people will post direct links to the pirated content on this subreddit. Most people here support the legal purchase of all Avatar content to support the creators and the show.	I do want to buy them I was just wondering if I could find them online
for some reason I think community would do better on Comedy Central than NBC.	I goes along nicely with SouthPark being able to produce out of the box episodes.
you've been dating the wrong bitches...	Yep, got a good one now though. I definitely don't love them all however 
Can I homestead you if I provide a service to you without your consent, like save your life if I'm a doctor? newlinechar 	Homesteading can only occur where there was wilderness previously. As a doctor you're working as an employee/contractor as a fee for service. When I make a child, I am producing it from wilderness, in that without my labor it would never have come to be.
Holy shit, the game looks amazing! I'm going to buy it. 	My current savegame has around 9500 HP, and I STILL can't beat the fucking game on Inferno difficulty.
And I! Who are we killing? 	I don't know who exactly, but I figure I'll start with cjc93, abcd1001, inowhatimtalkingabout,  and you, motionmufin - elevate my chances a little newlinechar edit:  list has increased.  chris_p, hope you've had a fulfilling life, you've made it onto my list. 
I took it off because I was worried about it falling off.	cable ties.
It may help your results by crossposting this question to /r/askscience.  I'm curious about the answer as well.	oops, I meant to... [done!](http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/uexy6/when_the_moon_is_directly_overhead_does_its/)
We can only hope the thieves will read the books, gain superior knowledge and change their ways. 	Or potentially become highly intelligent super villains?
I've heard more than one runner say that those joint health products are good for Achilles tendonitis/tendinosis.  newlinechar  newlinechar I guess I'm answering my own question here, but since I've never seen that suggestion anywhere reputable, we can call those guys full of crap. 	Until they show me the paper, you're well-justified in doing so. That's science.
And she's got nudes. 	blue dildo
I just listened to your stuff. Nice. Not my cup of tea, but your production is spot on and solid. Good stuff man.	Thanks :3 newlinechar  newlinechar I try rather hard not to botch productions.
To be fair I act like a little girl around puppies to.	I know it's a joke, but I found it funny as shit. This was right in front of the hotel, with the bus around the corner, and when we left, he pissed on the bus. I've never been prouder of a dog in my life.
[](/scootie)The only wings I eat are of the buffalo variety. newlinechar  newlinechar [](/sp) newlinechar  newlinechar [](/xx15-r)All other wings are inferior.	With some ranch/blue cheese? newlinechar  newlinechar Nothing better.
Rumors have been going around lately that Battlefront 3 is due to be announced at E3 this week. But, it happened in 2010 too.	Pleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleaseplease let this happen!
Increase your frequency and give it time.	I'd say 7-8 years without being caught is good for any sort of activity.
[](/soawesome 'and then I'll proceed to only pay attention to the drum track') Full length concept album you say? I can't wait to listen to it tonight when I'll have the hour to give it.	I guess it's a good thing I'm a drummer. newlinechar  newlinechar [](/lunahappy)
How would I go about making icon+text flair for /r/MinecraftXbox? I followed your tutorial and didn't realize I wouldn't be able to add text (it overlaps with the icons).	You can't do it if the icons are arbitrarily sized, you can only do it if they are fixed size.
A girl at my school came barefoot and said 'shoes are too mainstream'.	Funny how I don't consider Tom's actual shoes.
That's odd, I left fairly whelmed.	I felt fairy whelmed?
But also given the wrong circumstances	very good point
[In reverence of your username](http://i.imgur.com/s7wHM.gif), although you've probably seen it before.	Yes, but it's one of my favorites, so thank you! I need to watch this gif daily and then be able to conquer the world.
lets make out.	Okay. Meet me in the boudoir.
Have you tried this? http://www.bitenot.com/ newlinechar  newlinechar I heard it is quite effective and much more comfortable than porting around a cone (or in Ula's case, a bucket) all day.	Oh wow I've never even heard of that before! Thank you so much for that link
I'm a dude in my mid-twenties.  Hand went over my face immediately after writing that. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT:  Thanks for the nice replies. 	Do not feel ashamed. I'm in the same boat as you, I fucking love this show. Beyond the four unbelievably cute girls the show's actually genuinely funny.
seeing them in less than a week	I am gelatinous with envy.
I give several figs. Figs and related foodstuffs are a brilliant way of showing compassion to people you care for both platonic and romantic.	Hah. I was going for a fig leaf related pun, but that works too.
One of my cop friends actually carries a 32rd magazine as a backup for his Glock 27. I just wish someone would make one for my G29.	I can't find one for 32 rds. ['only' 29](http://glockparts.com/Detail.aspx?PROD=156587&amp;MANF=148)
Oh dear lord I want to know what was said on all of these thing...haha	Basically he said he doesn't like the Chop because he believes it is racist.
We all know that under Master Chief's helmet, is another helmet.	Is he a Scooby Doo villain?
Really? I'm looking forward to it. All caps must mean business. newlinechar 	It's seriously an amazing game. I'm on the last leg of it right now, but I seriously recommend it.
Agreed, I thought the ending was perfect.  I wasn't expecting much from the movie, but it turned out to be a nice little gem.	Yeah. I was told by my friend who saw it several months early to watch it without watching previews, so I walked in without expectations. Not an amazing movie, but a pretty good one.
Wait a second, there's no Homo's on MLAS1... newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar WHO ARE YOU!?	[](/dashmad 'He must be one o' dem pollyqueers, DOESNT FUCKING COUNT.') newlinechar  newlinechar Our quest, continues.
It says Berlina Coupe right on it. Did you google that?	Was curious as to some specifics, there were some anomalies with the body though.
free corki / ufo skin. Jarvan the fourth skin for 1500 something + elo. Lots of cool stuff ive been satisfied with.	Also, free Trist and Ali skins for anyone and free Kayle skin for Season 1 players.
Just wanna say 'Fuck you MuffinQT for calling half of the community stupid!' :D	...and yet I'm pretty sure that's what the community thinks of itself~
THE ABSENCE OF EVIDENCE IS NOT THE EVIDENCE OF ABSENCE 	THE F*** Y'ALL LOOKIN' AT?
Watch out [guys](http://i.imgur.com/gFD5o.png)! newlinechar 	To be honest, I just didn't appreciate having something I dedicated a lot of energy and time to being attacked by a few homophobic neckbeards. I guess that makes me the douche. 
Nat 20!	'Kittens don't suck!' your character shouts. You also draw the attention of near-by Redditors who hear your kitten call. They appear with their hands ready to vote. Your next move determines up or down votes. What do you do?
Seamus has a sister?	yeah, she's not in the books, because this happened, and she dropped out. duh.
[For future reference...](http://instantrimshot.com/)	Ah, thank you. That will come in handy literally every day.
:( you didn't like my comments?	Don't get all butt hurt.  You could write erotica lee94josh.  It's not that hard getting people hard.  If I can do it, anyone can.   newlinechar  newlinechar Puns get you everywhere in erotica. 
Kahleesi...or you can just call her Danaerys	or Dany
Was that right around when In The Absence of Truth came out?  I saw that tour.  Really awesome of Tool to take on a relatively unknown band like Isis - though I don't think most of the Tool fans really appreciated the.	Yea, the fall of 2006 IIRC. None of my friends who went with me thought Isis were that good. It took me a good 2 years of shoving Isis down their throats to get them to understand what I heard that day. 
You don't need a goalie shaft. Really. Attack shafts work fine. The extra length makes so little difference. You won't be able to throw any further or do anything extra. It just makes it easier to be checked as you're running up the field.	i like a little longer shaft, you shouldn't say you don't need a goalie shaft, you should say i prefer a attack shaft
Just wondering, but what do you think were the major factors contributing to militarism in pre-WWII Germany?	that will have to cost you sir, if you make me laugh I can point you in the right direction
'Ders, what are taxes?'	Theft at gunpoint.
[](/rdcry 'I love you daddy...')	[](/rarityyell) DAMN YOU! newlinechar 
He's just putting in the jinx folks.  Nothing to see here.	Not really. Chelsea is my favorite team in the EPL. I really do mean it.
I imagine it's more about power and image than it is about sales of this particular dlc.	I get that, but it really dilutes the message when you know it's coming out a bit later. 
Because you need to score a touchdown to have a chance at an extra point.	Shush you!
I would recommend the [crop tool](http://www.designlaboratory.com/courses/96.4/a222.f96/illust/ps-crop_tool_icon.jpg)	Ahhhhh! Thank you!   I went through a bunch of different tutorials to try to get some idea of how to work it generally, but that didnt come up :/.  I couldnt quite figure out how to make a shadow either, but I'll work on that some more
Roasted garlic in olive oil will give you yummy garlic for your pizza AND garlic oil to paint your crust, which helps with less than perfect dough.	I think that would help in the future. The crust was just very bland when I made it this time.
What do you mean, 'you people'	He means 'idiots'
[](/ppshrug) He's a tourist on search for his talent?  newlinechar  newlinechar its an animation error, no big deal newlinechar 	[](/sbstare) So....there's ponies that never get their cutie marks?
HE'S ALIVE. newlinechar  newlinechar edit: Well guys, I got responded to by WAP. Gonna go off myself while it's good.	And motherfucking loving it.
Yeah, pretty sure they're not.	Do you by any chance live in or around the Sellwood neighborhood in Portland? There were a couple released in that area and because they cause no harm the never got moved out or whatever.
thrice.	25 times
70 million on 2 players. Not to mention the need to purchase a right back still. I wonder how messy this situation is going to get in a few years for Chelsea, Man City and Liverpool.	Why Liverpool?
It was all sprayed, I just sprayed more lightly on the side facing the tower so as not to make it too bright when I overlaid the tower stencil and sprayed over it again.	Again...nice attention to detail.  It really makes stand out.  Kudos and knucklebumps!
Yeah, but i kept letting it ring and ring when in my pocket. Got embarrassing on the bus yesterday when i orgasmed...	I love when someone else answers for the person it was intended for, and nobody even notices or cares.
The cost is not a deterrent. The vast majority of F2Pers are F2P not because of the cost of upgrading, but because of access to payment methods. For one reason or the other, they don't have access to or aren't allowed to use a credit card. 	No worries with steam cards.
why does a rowing team have a yoga instructor?	To do yoga.
Did all of you guys forget about de Bruyne for 7 million?	Nope, I just think that he will get loaned back for another year.
Have you guys heard WZRD? I love Cudi but WZRD is no bueno in my opinion :( Pretty green bud, all in my blunt	try giving it a few more listens... I love that album. A lot of people give him crap for it but he is doing something different which I love. I love seeing my favorite artist grow and do different things.
They made a spinoff, too! They called it The Cold War: Stalin's Revenge.	Hated that one.  It just dragged on and on with no real action.
That was much less horrifying than I expected, and now I'm choking on my own laughter.	Why am I reminded of Who Framed Roger Rabbit?
ma-hole-near is what it phonetically sounds like, at least I think... I totally see the resemblance though	Mee-all-neeer morelike.
The question is, if you had a sister, and your family felt like she had shamed the family by making plans to run off with an american, then how would your family respond?	Simply tell her to adhere by here culture's traditions and customs. If she does run away later on, then its her own life, let her mess up or do any thing she wants. NOT KILL HER. 
Thomas Sankara. Maybe not the most effective ever but fuck yes, Thomas Sankara.	Oooo yea Forgot about him! I always forget about the African Marxists, but yea freeing Africa from the Europeans on his motorcycle puts him at least in my top five. 
Karma whore. But I understand. [] (/knowthatfeel)	Are we all but Karma Whores, one way or another?
[Boosh!](http://imgur.com/a/IhgPq#0)	take all my upvotes, good sir!  A man of his word deserves it.
passing out doesn't mean you HAVE to play single player...it's just not co-op. ;)	Choose that option, though, and the town guards get involved...
Nice, report in when you shoot it?	I think I'm going Sunday morning just to pull the trigger at the local gun range. I wont have the chance to shoot anything long range for a while, but that doesnt mean I cant make 25yards look like 25inches :)
Perfect morning wake-and-bake with some coffee, thanks for stopping by!	Coffeeandweed=Hippie Speed balls every morning, perfect to wake to.
Look up movies that were filmed in those areas (there are lots) and try to find the exact location of your favorite or famous scenes. 	Also, you owe it to yourself to take a cruise down Sunset or Hollywood Blvd in Hollywood &amp; West Hollywood on a Friday night. Roll down the windows, light a smoke (if you're so inclined) and take it all in.
I love Alpha Protocol but the graphics are shit, the controls are sloppy and some of the upgrades don't make any sense at all.	It's also unbalanced as fuck.  Just put points into assault rifles and stealth and it just gets dumb halfway through. newlinechar  newlinechar 
I just hope it has nothing to do with the Clone Wars.	The signs point to it being a Boba fett game which would definitely not happen during the clone wars. Some people believe its going to be some kind of open world Bounty hunter game but all just rumors still till we see tonight on gametrailers
Hey fuck you. Im from Alabama and its all cousins down here bro.	How do you circumcise a redneck? kick his sister in the jaw  
He owned up to his own stupidity, and he's putting his money where his mouth is. I'd say forgive and forget is in order all around.	RES tells me i give you a lot of upvotes. Have another.
First Chesterfield crest I've seen on here.	Not many people are so accepting of failure.
He means for you to show him it's subjectively wrong	That *what* is? As shiftysquid said... no claims were made. We can't prove that he isn't feeling a particular way.
AND ONLY WHEN THEY BUY HOME FIELD ADVANTAGE	ACTUALLY THAT DIDN'T WORK OUT SO WELL
To be honest it was too much of a gameplay issue. Bigger hit boxes and easier headshots.	If I am not mistaken, they have identical hitboxes
I've seen oversized clitorises bigger than that	Oversized or extra awesome?
Daedric. Fuck.	You, I like your style.
Mhhm.	Yep.
What's that per hour?	45c roughly if you presume a 40 hour week.
From my understanding there will be a staircase immediately behind the benches, so you will have to walk around the staircase already. Right now it seems like a major obstruction but once the construction is finished they won't be in the main pathway people would be taking anyways.	There already is a staircase there, and the wooden walkway we have now is build over that so that people can get through.
She's 20.	In cat years?
There are a few reasons that aren't religious to be against hoosexuality that I can think of.	Do tell. I haven't heard one argument against homosexuality that was not founded off of religious beliefs, that didn't boil down to something along the lines of 'it's icky'.
I'm in. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Wait vesp is healing? newlinechar  newlinechar 	Or deepsing. 
My uncle is in federal prison in Fort Worth until 2015. I'm glad to know you're doing well; it gives me hope for my uncle. 	I don't know much about federal prison other than what I see on tv, you probably know more than I do; but I wish he and your family the best of luck, remember a little understanding and a familial support system goes a long way.
Owner said clearing your browser cache real quick should fix it. 	Cheers mate.
lol. Nope. Painter.	[This](http://www.reddit.com/r/museum/comments/si809/norman_bluhm_excalibur_1960/c4ejctf) comment of yours is likely the most profound thing I have yet to learn from this subreddit. 
What I take from this isn't that the *work* needs to be optimistic, just the *world.* The main character could still be getting a divorce. There just doesn't necessarily have to be an evil AI stuffing the girlfriend (the last natural human in the universe) into a radioactive chipper.	To me it's the role of technology and science needs to be beneficial and not detrimental.
Why are you talking to me like I didn't get the joke?	woops, was supposed to reply to the guy you did, my bad.
If those are actually yours you need to share many many more! Many more! newlinechar  newlinechar Also, Id love ot see some cute socks, as always!	Thank you! Those are my feet. I have some sock pictures.. I tnink.
This was a well-constructed survey! I'm pretty sure what the results will be, but it'd be nice to see them anyway. Maybe post the average number for each name to four decimal places or the like.	Thanks! So far there are a few answers that I'm a tiny bit surprised  by, but there isn't much data yet. I'll be happy to post the results.
I hope your children contract SARS and your healthcare can only provide mediocre relief and they use a box of tissues a day and you have to pay for that shit.	lol wut? newlinechar  newlinechar 
I hope he was being sarcastic. You're clearly right. There was virtually no friendship in the movie. 	I guess it is difficult to convey sarcasm through text. Sorry for the confusion. 
In the grand scheme of the universe, we're all going to die soon.	Act accordingly.
500-lb deer.	Oh. Thanks for clearing that up.
[GoLite](http://www.golite.com/) makes awesome ultralight but durable backpacks. They have won numerous awards as well. They run frequent sales on their website and they come with a lifetime warranty.	I'll second the GoLite suggestion, I love my Jam. Lots of folks use them for Appalachian Trail thru-hikes and Andrew Skurka uses them for his ridiculous adventures.
Military...	Condolences. 
No, you can only target champions. Since clones and ghosts count as champions, they are also target-able.	Yeah but I think it's strange that the skill resets after killing a clone when no other skill in the game reacts in such a way. This seriously sounds like a bug to me.
Wow talk about tactless. I'm all for shock value but think of the kids! Try having to explain that shit to your 6 year old or something when they get in the car. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 	That is provided your 6 year old *made it* to the car, with all those speeding drivers and all...
www.mtgthesource.com is an excellent legacy resource. 	This is great, thanks!
What a perfectly gorgeous dog.  I think I'd love a golden.  What is the shedding like?  I currently have a labradoodle (they shed, don't let anyone lie to you) but I'm wondering if a golden is worse?  I love your dogs chest 'mane'	His mane is so manly. The shedding is about average. We brush him and his sister at least once a week. They certainly shed more than the lab. 
To be fair, they bought Hong Kong and effectively bought India. 	Yeah the same way Omar Little buys things.  newlinechar  newlinechar With a gun for those who have yet too see the wire.  newlinechar  newlinechar Also I'm pretty sure they killed their way through most of India and threatened the rest of the country.
The show's good, it just lacks meaningful character development. Which is common for a kid's show like that. 	Yeah, I find Fairly OddParents to be really, *really* bad in this department. It's sad, I like some of the show's one-liners, but almost everything else turns me off.
HA! HAHAHA...oh that's good. That's grand. Are you a comedian? You should do stand up. 	THE BEAUTIFUL PERSON REPLIED TO ME. You guys..
Is is the third person singular present of be (Verb).	Is is danish for ice. newlinechar  newlinechar yw
One of my cats LOVES to sit in my lap when I use the bathroom. He'll jump up, snuggle up, and start purring. It's the ONLY time he likes to be a lap-cat. What the hell man.	Came to say EXACTLY this, and if I don't let her into the bathroom it's all crocodile tears and paws scrambling under the door like it's the end of the world. I'd much rather deal with my needy cat than an equally needy child, any day.
what movie?	Tucker and Dale VS Evil. It can be found on Netflix.
[](/ohcrap)	[](/cerealspit 'I think you meant')
Make sure to set it to dark.	[](/celestiawut) OK.  My kitchen is engulfed in flames.  Now what?
that is awesome!	I for some reason forgot to mention that he fell into a fell mood to begin with because the noble imprisoned his wife for exporting leather armor.
He's sharing an unpopular opinion on the internet. What a crime-- to offer opinions. 	yeah, he's unwilling to accept that there's more than one way to look at things. Look at how he states things: it's immoral, not I consider it immoral.
You should have made it a goatse instead of a black screen.  Maybe even a background that is a neon green or something.  The reactions would be pretty funny.	The black screen is so the user can see themselves and reflect on their crimes.
Wait what. Next week, no?	[](/rsbstare) I made a grave mistake... I don't live in the UK.
You may find [this page](http://www.reddit.com/comments/6ewgt/reddit_markdown_primer_or_how_do_you_do_all_that) to be of interest.	*POOP HAHA!!* newlinechar ********
I think you missed a 'Geo' somewhere	Graphic Geonational
Open bracket would be bad publicity. It would really kill the hype to see 8 of the best BW players lose to low tier foreigners. 	could you imagine if bisu lost to a wbc cannon rush in the open bracket. the shame. :-/
Most people on SRS would call me a sexist if I said misogyny wasn't real. They would also call me a racist if I said racism didn't exist.	that is one of the areas where they and I differ ;)
Don't you see it, is weird how the camara is always steady all the time	I like how steady it is
The guy might accept it, sure. But as a society we cannot accept it. 	Look, before we protest him exploiting the system to get some food and confort we should protest him being allowed to go hungry. That summs up my entire opinion on the subject.
Mascot? Actully iz dolan	gooby pls
Dude needs his karma fix.	I actually tagged him as: '[an actual honest to god karma whore](http://i.imgur.com/RO8Me.png).'
You just changed the song to make it say the exact same thing.	What does that even mean?
What's the anime? I'm curious :o	It's called Boku No Pico, it's a shota anime. It's basically young boys doing...inappropriate things.
[I'm so sorry...](http://i.imgur.com/wDSuJ.gif)	The rain drop between his eyebrow and eye looks like its bouncing back and forth
[Stop SOPA](https://wwws.whitehouse.gov/petitions/!/petition/stop-e-parasite-act/SWBYXX55)	Stop SOAP.
&gt; as for third party candidates gaining the benefits of matching funds they must additionally have received 5% of the popular vote in the previous election newlinechar  newlinechar Wait, doesn't this mean the Libertarian party shouldn't get matching funds? Did Barr get 5% of the popular vote in 2008?	No, he didn't even get 1%.
i know im just trolling. sry, no hard feelings? (HUG)	*sigh* My bad for getting overly defensive. I don't really read into trolling well. 
I actually dislike this feature because it restores ALL of your apps (I believe). I have a lot of apps that I tried out but didn't like. I don't want those on my phone. I wish Google would let me remove apps from my account.	As far as I can tell it only restored the apps I had installed at the time. I can't be sure because it died, running out of space. No unwanted apps were installed is all I am sure of.
It's quality vs quantity, IMO r/skateboardings got us beat.	But if you want to learn about what does what with skate physics, here's the place to go.  
His link posts are pretty funny.	I know. And I realize the arrow-to-the-knee thing has been dead for a long time, but I just don't see how it managed to get that many downvotes. Oh well, Reddit works in mysterious ways.
Why does everything have to be about karma? Why can't they just have a genuine love for Cudi?	Seriously! This guy just wants to chill and talk about kid cudi look at him talking to everyone about it having a fun time. Fuck karma it doesn't exist to me it makes people crazy.
It looks like its wearing bunny ears! What kind of dog is it?	Haha yes he does. He's a maltese.  
I know, but not everyone is you. newlinechar  newlinechar It is especially common among people who grew up getting picked on or have other sorts of deep, but long buried, confidence issues. Compliments sound like false flattery, veiled mocking or traps initially to them.	Wow, you really hit the nail on the head with that one.  I had never thought too much about why I do that but you pretty much summed it up.
This is my son's story...he said when they woke up his friend noticed they had been 'pranked'.  So his friend ran around the house blaming his siblings....twin four year olds.  My son couldn't take it any longer and busted out laughing...he got busted.	Thanks for the story! have an upvote
I was going to mention that too, but I forgot. I like it, it's like the new kind of thing. Just like they implemented the new walking animations since Sejuani. Nautilus, for example. He walks without boots. After getting boots he starts running, that's really nice.	oohhhh. that's why i feel a million times faster on naut after i get boots, i know it's the same change as other champions but it feels like it makes so much of a difference with naut, same with cho.
How do you make that black box?	http://i.imgur.com/Il0yP.jpg :)
No. It looks determined, not 'are you fucking kidding me'	The face I have on now is the one in the OP.
Fuck, yous gonna get fucked up on that.	&gt;Fuck, yous lungs gonna get fucked up with that
Like 8 game losing streaks.. newlinechar 	We had a niner in 2010 and still made the playoffs. The season is long. Have a little faith.
Would a gram/a little bit more than a gram be a 'super large quantity'? newlinechar Sorry if these questions seem stupid, I have yet to even buy my own supply. I usually just pitch in and go to a friends house.	No there's no way your neighbors will be able to smell a gram. I mean like a few oz's.
I like this because you can finally figure out when the thing their killing is dead, and its not a dozen wrestlers piled ontop of an unconcious cave troll	Maybe you should keep more women dwarves around if your wrestlers are doing that...
The largest single **voluntary** gathering of mourners in modern times.	You have been banned from /r/pyongyang .... and on your cakeday too... Our Dear Leader is disgusted.
Bummer man.	some people are just cunts.
As an unseen side effect, it seems to change the color of the fur of any animal that enters a portal.	These portals do not conserve meowmentum :(
HIS brother... not the girl's!	How do you know his girlfriend is not his sister? OP was being vague. newlinechar  newlinechar /s
I for one welcome our new shotgun totting bear overlords.	When the deer have guns too, then and only then will hunting be considered an actual sport. :)
Homesteading can only occur where there was wilderness previously. As a doctor you're working as an employee/contractor as a fee for service. When I make a child, I am producing it from wilderness, in that without my labor it would never have come to be.	Fair enough. How do you differentiate between wilderness and non-wilderness? newlinechar  newlinechar At what point does a child become sovereign?
Wow. Good answer.	I try :-)
didn't wanna leave you hangin newlinechar  newlinechar I N I!	Thanks friend. Stay classy.
Ah Vagina, we meet again.	You've never met. Don't lie.
I have a friend who erged for 25 hours, with a 10 minute break every 50 minutes. I'd love to see what gif would summarize how she felt. 	wat. newlinechar  newlinechar what kind of pace was it at? 
I was by him too. This is weird lol.	I was uncharacteristically dressed though, as I was in a white dress shirt and a bright blue tie seeing as how I had to drive straight from work to the concert to catch it.  
but there should also be an option for those with female characters.	Yeah, but until then...
Hey now, there are some white female protagonists who make it out okay.	not me though, im black...
Wow, I like your style.Those are some sharp trucks! 	 Thank you!! [Rear view](http://imgur.com/bYY1r).
Though I do not agree with you I will fight for your right to love and tolerate. 	I got a Twilight
Was it? I don't keep up with them, honestly. I just know most RE fans, like I said, look at it with disdain.	It was the most critically acclaimed.  http://www.metacritic.com/game/playstation-2/resident-evil-4 newlinechar  newlinechar There's an incredibly vocal minority of RE hipsters who hate on it because it fixed the outdated mechanics.  I'm an original RE hardcore fan and Silent Hill fan and I love the fuck out of RE4.
Vi este mismo cartel en Juan B Justo y Warnes y me caus muchsima gracia. Tard casi un minuto en notar que no era gente vendiendo droga, sino gente que haca rehabilitacin.	Asi los engaan. Vienen lo pibe buscando droga y zaassss REHAB. 
I would normally have argued with you about how Krushchev was the beginning of the Soviet capitalist road and how his policies opened the path to the end of the Soviet project, but you linked to rainbow Stalin so instead I am upvoting you.	yea but again, the Brezhnev reversal of his policies did little other than stifle fledgling Soviet culture and economically hamper the nation. I mean Khrushchev could have handled it better, but I feel like he had a good idea for a more people friendly USSR.
If hes your freind then talk about a hot/handsome/sexy guy to him. I think he would get the pucture and you would look like you just don't know. And if he doesn't then no harm done	That's actually a really good idea thank you, I can't believe that never occurred to me 
Televangelists are the scum of the religious right. I seem to remember a certian one who asked for 12 million dollars or else God will kill him, and he. got. the. fucking. money.  newlinechar  newlinechar 	I love the name of that one televangelist, Creflo A. Dollar. Sounds like a scam, 'I'm just going to creflo a dollar or two from these gullible idiots'. Brilliant.
Psssh, Martin Septim did that already.	I'm pretty sure we had a lot to do with it, too.
You have a point. If thats a dual core Phenom (guessing it comes clocked at 3.0-3.5 gHz)you really bottlenecked your system there.. That would require some serious overclocks to unbottleneck that GPU for skyrim.	Really agreeing with all of y'all, guessing someone suggested it because there AMD fans, kinda strange to see a system like this, serious bottleneckage.
Bullshit. Sap can get a girl. Some girls think insecurity is cute or some shit. Its possible Im living proof.	Your dad was insecure?
There's always money in the banana stand.	seeing this as the top comment BLUE MY MIND.
Plus I imagine it's a nice opportunity to try to one-up yourself and probably satisfying when it all comes together	And each time you redo it, you get another chance to hide a penis somewhere in the painting! Imagine it as a game of wheres penis (with binoculars!)
My god, your Flair is true.	Yeah, if you go back through my history you'll see I've done this sort of thing far too often....but I'd rather educate the poster on why so it doesn't happen again and deters others.
Hard men drink hot water in the summer and have frozen bottles in the winter.	If your water is too hot you're not working hard enough.
How? Do they do anything?	Lots of stuff. newlinechar  newlinechar Secret stuff. newlinechar  newlinechar You'll never know...
Woah, I just started reading Food Lab, like, yesterday. Funny coincidence that you're the one to answer this for me! Thank you, that's pretty much what I thought, just wanted to be clear.	Haha, coincidence. Gald you started reading :) Minf if I ask where you got the link from? (For science, of course)
Facebook has been down since the IPO! newlinechar   newlinechar  newlinechar   newlinechar  newlinechar   newlinechar   newlinechar  newlinechar ......I'll show myself out.  	No no, you stay. That was awesome.
You mean fleshlight?	God No.
Hey that's where they film BangBros stuff. Wow why do I know that?	Let's just hope they take that into account.
why is that not a thing? that would be the greatest show ever	It's not easy making a show. Go ask the Aquabats!. They've been at it for about 10 years and only now did they get a show on the HUB. 
[Don't give up hope.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rAHnwWfsaY)	hahahaha great clip! definitely got a laugh from that one
Your mom.	First your mom joke that's likely true.
those would be earwigs, even stealthier than spiders.	_
This horrific accident took the lives of 37 orphans, 12 pandas, and worst of all...a cat. 	Good! I'm making a meat dragon and not just any meat will do.
I hate to say this but this has happened to me. I was drying off after getting out of the shower and my mom came in to put in some new towels or something (not knowing I was in there) and...lets just say she may have been impressed...	yeah me too. It's weird you kinda wanna say thanks but you don't because its your mom and she needs to stop
[](/lunateehee)	[](/angel)
Naming them is unscientific for many reasons, not the least of which is confusing documentation. newlinechar  newlinechar Further, naming indicates an emotional component, which makes suspect or invalidates the researcher's objectivity and suggests (actually confirms, in Goodall's case) anthropomorphic tendencies. newlinechar 	Well, you can't let them pick their own names. Tried it once, doesn't work. You got four alpha males all fighting over who's gonna be King Kong, but they don't know each other, so nobody wants to back down. 
Well..clearly she had some sort of amnesia.	I also notice that there is neither mention of the flying squirrel *or* the couple with a Russian accent. My guess is that Boris and Natasha gave her some sort of memory-wiping drug.
Shit.	Accurate.
Unless that camcorder was drunk, it's probably a good bet.	have you noticed the quality of the average YouTube camera hand? It's like they think it shoots 360 so the direction they're pointing the camera in doesn't matter.
Fuck	Correct!
perfect...thanks	p.s. you need to hit the 'reply' button on my comment to reply to me...
http://youtu.be/Ue_mAzaAaQs  &lt;----This.  Be prepared for horrible memories to be triggered.	Wow. I'm positive that I have never seen this, but it feels like I have..
I don't know who down vote you, really? this is a good example there may be people taking it personally	Maybe because he killed and ate a man just because he could climb stairs without wincing.
Wrong situation to be using that	http://i.imgur.com/ZK7w9.gif
Are you asking for experiences or just for forums to go to? 	I ultimately want to hear people's experiences but I assumed this was the wrong place for that.  Anyone who wants to share their experience is totally welcome! newlinechar 
Alaska is also in the 'continental' US because it's on the North American continent, unlike Hawaii. The word you want is 'contiguous.'	Yeah, you're right. 
I hope everyone dies. Except Hot Pie and Margaery so we can get a hot sex scene as the attempt to repopulate Westeros.	King Hot Pie, first of his name, Lord of the Andals, and of the First Men. Ruler of the Seven Kingdoms!!! Slayer of Rolls and Lemon Cakes! 
No, and they also sent me a lobster picture too. And said they weren't surprised I was swimming in a pool alone.	So they sent you SEXUAL content without your consent?  I'm sorry you had to experience that.
I think the show you are looking for was Profit and aired in the Fox network here in the USA.  newlinechar http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Profit_(TV_series) newlinechar 	The guy's face seems familiar and since there can't many shows about dudes sleeping in boxes, then I guess it's SOLVED
He's correctly stating that the Earth is actually an Oblete Spheroid, slightly wider at the equator. Kudos.	beat me too it, kudos.
There's a difference between thinking the alternate reality of a zombie apocalypse is cool, and actually thinking it actually happening would in any way be 'awesome.'	You say that as if you don't get giddy when you daydream up your convoluted plan for survival in the unlikely event of one.
ACTUALLY, HOW DO I MAKE THE FONT SIZE BIGGER?	**NOT EXACTLY BIGGER, BUT ADD ** AND YOU GET BOLDED LETTERS**
we all do. A moment of silence.	## 
done!	me too!
I don't think it's a real party.	Doesn't that make it even worse?
I'm glad that's not a link. I don't want to see it.	http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2011/08/18/research-suggests-all-men-watch-pornography_n_930349.html
Probably because I'm an expert in pineapples, but that's just a pineapple expert's guess.	I have you tagged as someone who is really exited about fertilizers.
I have visited his site several times on happenstance over the past month or two. newlinechar  newlinechar I have *never* seen that link.	I have been following him pretty avidly as well over the past month or so, although I don't comment on his paintings often, and I've only ever seen him even *say* that he's will sell, one single time, and when specifically asked.
[*ronmierz* **karma station starts here**](//#ramirez)	[*k*](/dolan)
And we win. Take *that* zombies!	The bigger question is, how long after the zombie apocalypse starts will we be able to browse reddit? BOM BOM BOMMMM
How on earth is your account only 2 months old, I would have guessed that username to have been taken along time ago.	Reddit with a dash at the end in all caps? It seems kinda likely to me.
Im going to allow it.	[This is how I imagine you.](http://27.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lmpjeoT1uO1qj0zk3o1_400.gif)
I just bought it. I made it through 7 minutes including launching it.	Then you saw that menu screen.
Your post makes me [smile](http://i.imgur.com/jsXvw.jpg) 	Oh no, that's alright, I wasn't planning on sleep anyway. newlinechar  newlinechar Oh! What's this! A link to the SCP Foundation! newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar How did that get there? newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.scp-wiki.net/
Sure thing, when can you trade?	Now.
What if Stafford and McFadden were in the same draft class?	Good catch, my ignorance has been running rampant today.  newlinechar  newlinechar I may need to lay off the booze. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar ....nah.
You got it backwards.	[you're not my real dad](http://i.imgur.com/Ykwsu.gif)
Except if the father is Liam neeson.	I don't know who you are. I don't know what you want, but I have a very particular lack of skills. I will never be able to find you. But what I do have is two dollars and a Casio wristwatch. You can have one of them.
her tits shit man, is shitty watercolour still around?	Someone needs to make a shitty watercolour signal. You know, like the bat signal, but shittier. 
HOTTER THAN FIRE?! I DONT THINK SO	stoner laughed
I post a picture of a cute kitten being held by my large breasted, atheist, cos player, gamer girlfriend...and wait...	It appears you've gone too meta. Do a saving throw to see if you can defeat the claims of hipsterism.
I am the opposite of both of you.	So you're one of THOSE friends, huh?
NICE.	Your both wrong, it was obvious Bob Rock...it has always been Bob Rock according to Bob Rock. 
My saying is this - 'When you are in the game, play by the rules; then change the game' newlinechar  newlinechar Sure it's retarded that the government funds elections. But right now it's awesome for the LP	AGREED, don't hate the player, hate the game... then take it over... and fix it...
dat efficiency 	I'm not saying I support slavery. I just know a job well done when I see it.
Seems to be a little out of date. NJ, specifically, doesn't require inspections anymore. If that is the exception and not the rule, it's still a great resource.	It is.  Michigan just recently removed the law requiring helmets on the street but that hasn't been updated on the site.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulo6EC3It-E	wooooooo
I do want to buy them I was just wondering if I could find them online	Not that I know of.
[Why haven't I listened to this band before?](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/075/873/Raisins_Face.jpg?1318992465)	I personally think their previous album The Price of Existence was better, you should definitely check it out. [This](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujoeF_TarR4) is my favorite song by them hands down. The Day of Justice is a close second.
Also being from Florida all I can say is... glad I don't fall for the hive mind. This place is awesome! Plus, swimming year round! :)	I love living in Florida, but I can't deny all the strange/stupid shit that happens here.  We got Casey Anthony, Treyvon Martin, and now Zombies.  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: spelling
Cheers mate.	Owner here. Did this in fact fix it for you?
&gt;Which FIFA national team(s) do you support? newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;'My dream is to see a Cascadian national team.' newlinechar  newlinechar PFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF newlinechar  newlinechar 	Yeah, I pretty much lost it when I read that. I've even seen the Cascadian national team stuff at places like BigSoccer, and they're totally serious. 'We're just like the Basques and Kosovars, we should totally form our own national team!!!' Talk about taking Euro-identification too far.
I was working box office for Expire but they sounded sick from there. And Backtrack was waaaay too good. Best show of the year, so far. Sound&amp;Fury won't count since it's a festival. 	haha oh that was you!? you definitely made a joke to me when I came in that emmure and slayer were added the list of bands. 
I pressed del many times as well - TAB was supposed to be doing something anyway, but nothing happened.	Your keyboard should also have a light for caps lock. When the computers on, if you repeatedly press caps lock, do you see that light flash on and off?
That will be my online stripper alias, if I ever have one.	Please do.
I only have my DS, so I couldn't do an emulator. 	I assume you're not posting on Reddit from your DS....
[](/dashmad 'He must be one o' dem pollyqueers, DOESNT FUCKING COUNT.') newlinechar  newlinechar Our quest, continues.	He said HOMOSEXUAL. He's a HOMO! WE HAVE ONE!
Hey man that's a great story. It deserves to be cached for eternity on the Internet.	Gotta cache em all.
Step two, wait for pizza to cool...	You obviously speak from experience. 
What if it only worked on spiders?	I have no problem with spiders, as long as they don't crawl in my mouth when I sleep. 
I will scream and slap the screen every time I see one. I will need to buy a new monitor before the night is over.	[](/scootaloo) Well when that big 'un down the bottom of the page  starts crawling all over the screen you'll know when it's probably time to purge the computer with flames.
That's interesting. What would happen if successfully immigrated to Canada? Could his creditors follow him there?	I've always wondered this. I hope someone chimes in.
You know how each an every ghost or monster is just a guy in a suit? Well, what if Scooby has been just a guy on a suit for the entire cartoon?	They're saving that for the final episode. newlinechar  newlinechar BTW: Nice.
What's the status bar theme? I used to have it and can't find it anymore. Thanks! newlinechar  newlinechar edit: just kidding apparently cydia needed a package reload! Instead, how do you get it to not turn black while in an app? Or change it to be readable at least	having the same issue... specifically when I go into settings, the status bar is all messed up 
How do you know his girlfriend is not his sister? OP was being vague. newlinechar  newlinechar /s	You must be from Tasmania.
As a college student, I paid for the Student Edition. It came with a discount, and I had the knowledge that my software was my own. For me, I was able to buy Adobe CS4 Design Edition for about $300. 	This. Just got CS6 Design + Web Premium for $425 after tax d/t student discount =D
they'd have to reboot the whole system. not worth it for such a small bug. 	this uptime is killing me!
[](/celestiawut) OK.  My kitchen is engulfed in flames.  Now what?	Try screaming! Works a charm!
For sure!  [This](http://www.youtube.com/bsblade17) is a link to my page.  Soldier On, Tiger Mountain Peasant Song, Vaporize and Skinny Love gained the most attention.  	you're so good!
You sir are crazy like a fox.	Hey! I'm not crazy.
It took a decade to sell book 1.  Book 2 was published about a year and a half after book 1, and the man is apparently a machine in the Sanderson style, because his books came out every year and a half after that.	Oh I'm sorry I misunderstood.  I thought that the first book was released then it took a decade to get the publishers to try another one.  Thanks for clarifying that for me.
yes. poor Brent Barry.	Poor Eva Longoria....
I figured it was obvious enough that I didn't need to tag it NSFW, maybe I should have said NSFL	Well your parent comment was deleted, so there's no context.
I think he meant happyasiandoodgivesthumbsup.gif	you are correct sir
I think this is interesting enough for a full AmA. do it. Also, look at my posting record, any tips for how I should style my hair? 	The only problem is that dragqueen_throwaway wouldn't really be able to prove his story; it's fine for the more laid-back /r/casualiama, but I think more evidence would be necessary at /r/iama.
Weed. I'm a pretty simple dude.	Definitely. This is mostly because I spend so much money on it. If my boyfriend and I didn't spend actual money on bud for a few weeks, we could buy enough acid and mdma to last the year.
Yeah seriously I bet metricbot's penis is like 10 inches. *waits anxiously*	10 inches = 25.4 centimeters newlinechar  newlinechar I'm not a bot, but I have sex like one.
Nothing	No, not nothing, you learned that Amazon reviews are useless when it comes to flashlights. 
What else should Entertainment SPelling Network show?	Poker.. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Oh wait.  
Same on the Dailypaul. They pointed out Ron's events calender for June on his website was blank.	And it's not like he's showing up to do the job he was actually elected and being paid for or anything, either.
Hey you cant do that! Thats cheating!	It's clever....
I'm running on 1.20 too. That's cool though. thanks for sharing that coolness!	Big difference between 1.20 and 12.0, bro.
Well, if she thought it was cool in *one* universe... newlinechar  newlinechar (also you left off killing the entire human race)	Including alt versions of the kids standing next to her.  Awkward.
You missed the part where they're currently off-campus.	http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lnm6hbJOMt1qam4z9.gif
Or a concherer, not that it's that common.	Would a half zaitochi count?
Don't worry, I'm not quite shore either.	Yeah, it's not really clear, is it?
[](/ppfear) Don't typo and put 'ponybits'	[Ponybits?](http://imgur.com/OyUUq)
Carpe Diem! newlinechar  newlinechar Life's to short to be afraid of doing stuff you want to do.	It's a glorious day when you have something you'd like to do!
What about some nice YEAST?	Yuck, but good comment.
About a year ago, a guy robbed a bank for $1 so he could get jail time and medical care, which is pretty fucked up. newlinechar  newlinechar http://news.yahoo.com/blogs/lookout/man-robs-bank-medical-care-jail-143625999.html	I'd do the same. This guy have more dignity doing that than an asshole who steal money in order to buy blings and dope.
Oversized or extra awesome?	Unmistakable and easy to locate. It's like training wheels for the inexperienced.
I've become a master of unfastening the button on my jeans with only one hand.	My solution is to wear pajamas that I can step on and they'll fall off easily. Putting them back on...well that can wait until after my nails dry. It's my house, I can walk around with my undies all I want!
Hope you enjoy this guys - it's the sequel to my original rap about Skyrim: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j50u0zUeCmU	I love the reference to the hat with badass horns. Fantastic.
I want to start watching dr who, but its kind of intimidating since the show started so long ago. Should I start at the beginning or later on?	Start with the 2005 reboot. That's where most of the fans today picked it up anyway.
It was the most critically acclaimed.  http://www.metacritic.com/game/playstation-2/resident-evil-4 newlinechar  newlinechar There's an incredibly vocal minority of RE hipsters who hate on it because it fixed the outdated mechanics.  I'm an original RE hardcore fan and Silent Hill fan and I love the fuck out of RE4.	Huh. Guess I only know the hipsters, then.
Sounds balanced.. can't be cursed, can't be healed.  	&gt;can't be healed. newlinechar  newlinechar By faith, but by doctors?
Do return in 2013, but wearing a goatee and a sinister smile... asking if anyone has seen your twin brother lately because you have a 'surprise' for him.	Evil Troy and Evil Aaaaabed!
Call the police, delete Facebook, hit the gym.	Lawyer up with [Reddit Enhancement Suite](http://redditenhancementsuite.com)!
as long as I've known, but you have to have pretty unhappy dwarfs for it to happen.	By Armok's beard. I guess I just never had a fell butcher before. I kind of want to see this happen.
lol @ real meal being meat and cheese on bread; just what do you think differentiates that from pizza, health-wise?	Everything in moderation, I suppose. ;)
The signs point to it being a Boba fett game which would definitely not happen during the clone wars. Some people believe its going to be some kind of open world Bounty hunter game but all just rumors still till we see tonight on gametrailers	I never played the old Bounty Hunter game with Jango Fett, so perhaps I'll have an interesting surprise. Not much to expect from LucasArts these days, but who knows they might pull something worth keeping up with. newlinechar  newlinechar Assuming it's not another kinect game.
Oh. Thanks for clearing that up.	My smartass clarification studies have done wonders for my internet helpfulness.
The Team Liquid one, Liquid Rising	Ah, neat. Looking forward to seeing it! =)
And Hare.	I meant characters [that](/s 'were still alive.')
Don't you mean a fuck the heat/refs post-game thread? /s	I don't know what is more annoying, the hate that the Heat and refs get, or the constant bitching from Heat fans about it. newlinechar  newlinechar We get it. It sucks to be a fan of the Heat on this sub. Chill man.
I seem to get that a lot...	There's a lot of subtle racist towards you people. 
45c roughly if you presume a 40 hour week.	Yeah, that's not that much of an increase, but at least we still have a good minimum wage.
I was sort of hoping you meant like a Boy Scout or something.	That's all I thought since I came here straight from the Boy Scout petition thread.
Breast buffet in town.	all you can skeet
you need to take your bad attitude and take it away from /r/trees sir, there is no need for that here.	take a joke
[](/celestiamad 'Be gone with you')	[](/lunasad 'Okay. For the record, I have no idea what doll, but I can guess what it is...')
&gt;These people aren't rich by luck. They are extremely smart and are surround by equally or even smarter people. newlinechar  newlinechar Paris newlinechar  newlinechar Fucking newlinechar  newlinechar Hilton	Definitely a runt.
A- that's kind of fucked up newlinechar  newlinechar B- There is no main character on GoT	WHAT ABOUT NED? HE LIVES THE WHOLE TIME
*Tokyo!*  newlinechar  newlinechar Hikikomori right? newlinechar  newlinechar I like the other story with the underground, French leprechaun too.	Correct! The short is called Shaking Tokyo. While Bong Joon-Ho is my favorite director, I most enjoyed the first of the three, Interior Design.
Really, was it a different pokemon toy, 'cause these were somewhere in the neighborhood of 3-4 inches across. 	It wasn't a choking hazard, it was a suffocation hazard. They would get the ball and cover their mouth and nose with it and then suffocate.
You mind telling me where you got that ruler? Just curious...	It's actually a yardstick.
'Kevin Durant is softer than a motherfucking nerf ball' newlinechar  newlinechar Goulish is the worst diss in rap history.	I wouldn't really call it a diss track. It kinda lost meaning after like 2-3 bars 
While this is partially correct, it's not ONLY purple because of shock. There are plenty of strains of cannabis that actually flower purple/blue/etc. Although this particular bud hasn't been fully cured so if cured properly it would be a bit duller.	Nice username (: newlinechar That is all.
a clusterfuck. newlinechar 	My point was that it's no different from 'Ich esse / Ich a / Ich habe gegessen'.  Irregular verbs are in every language--we're just not aware of ours because we're used to them.
Nothing there comes remotely close to meeting the requirements I listed.	Haha, sorry I tried to help, won't happen again.
Or deepsing. 	I'm not sure how that is better
A LOT of Ents arent very happy with the bowl pack in this pic. All I can say is that it put me on my ass, this was a shake/keif bowl from some orangy-purple stuff I had so it doesnt look the best.	this Ent is fine with it - because he has a big enough moniter to see your full sized image - and it for sure looks like some ground up purp skurp
some people are just cunts.	Need a hug bro? 
Read somewhere his grandma nicknamed him 'Tune.' He added the chi to make it like gucci, i guess?	wow. 
better than you still.	I'm not saying it's a bad thing, just curious about their resting state.  
You're also not James Bond. 	Or is that just what I want you think?
Try to shoot next to her so she freaks out and stands up, then punch her.	I tried that, she just sits there :/
The market IS society.	Suppose society values having low inequality.  How would this be captured by markets?
It's the 'Half a Life' arc, (issues 6-10) collected in the first volume of the series. If that tickles your Bat-fancy I highly recommend the rest of the series.	I'm sure it will. I've thought about picking it up for quite a while, but I never knew anything about it. I'll be picking it up some time tomorrow I think, thanks again you've been a great help.
Upvote for linking NPR's Monkey See and Linda Holmes in general!	I feel honor bound to mention her awesome podcast, Pop Culture Happy Hour.
 Thank you!! [Rear view](http://imgur.com/bYY1r).	Are those real license plates? That's fantastic! Any reason for the exaggerated badges? newlinechar  newlinechar At any rate, I really like them! 
I have only seen the Two Escobars but i am going to check out some more. newlinechar  newlinechar Any of them you would specially recommend?	The Fab Five one is incredible! 
Exactly what kind of tunes get an 89-year-old (Japanese?) man to dance, anyway? newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: No, seriously guys. As a fairly new DJ (since '09), I would genuinely like to know.	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2TiMtDhiJ2o
That wasn't Joker Jr. That was one of the Robins. Though they did allude to Harvey having kids from the Joker, which was why batgirl let her go when the joker was shot by Tim (Robin.)   Nerd points!	How'd Two-Face and Joker have a kid?
It's as if the Suwon torso murder never happened.	He was 'Chinese Korean' not *Korean* Korean...
Best part of the RES is avoiding youtube comments. That way the only time I ever see them is when someone posts a clever screencap in r/athiesm. 	Yeah but does RES allow you to avoid Reddit comments?
Are you getting mouthy?	I'm getting worried.
Looks like they kinda jammed it in there to me. *nudge nudge* *wink wink*	http://i.imgur.com/2XQwO.jpg
At least it's better than the bronies who are pouring a ton of money into a circlejerkommercial for themselves that will be aired on the hub right before the season 3 premier, for all the 5 year olds and their parents to see. 	[Relevant rant.](https://docs.google.com/folder/d/0B-gVD2WfNA_MNzVWaWhRTmJUUEk/edit?docId=1q4hblnlaH6ifJs3qFhpGxP_VH7rszPaMh5AOszo-M0c)  newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Posted the wrong link at first. 
I love when someone else answers for the person it was intended for, and nobody even notices or cares.	I love it when a second person comes along to point that out.
U mad?	yes
Well, once you've heard one black joke you've heard Jamal.	Mexican jokes and black jokes are all the same.. Once you've heard Juan you've heard Jamal
i like dick cliffs too  :D   UPVOTE!!	I was afraid I was the only one who noticed!
I set my friends on fire....	[I would set myself on fire for you. :)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eqk7SM4OccQ)
totally off subject...your cat's friggin' adorable.	Why thank you :)
[This](http://www.reddit.com/r/museum/comments/si809/norman_bluhm_excalibur_1960/c4ejctf) comment of yours is likely the most profound thing I have yet to learn from this subreddit. 	Thank you. That's very very flattering.
i miss the drive in theater	It hasn't been open since I've lived here. I've heard good things about one in amelia. 
[](/sbstare) So....there's ponies that never get their cutie marks?	They're kicked out of their communities, forced to aimlessly wander disguised as tourists in false hope that their destinies will reveal themselves.
Redditor for 1 year and 9 months newlinechar  newlinechar Hmm	Cause reddit is the only website where people use usernames...
We hate you.	Oh. That's a littl- okay. If the rest of the community agrees I guess I must follow the rest of the community. Fuck you, OP.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar *no hard feelings*
If you are in Sacramento its called youngs	I am. Thanks.
Is this?	Was that? 
I make fun of fatties.	That works.
How would you go about suspending a habitat 50km off the surface? Or am I reading your comment incorrectly?	Also, doesn't it sort of . . . *rain sulfuric acid* on Venus from time to time?
HEY Rose and Bernard were AWESOME...at least Rose was...	I actually agree. I found them both very likable characters. It doesn't change that they were pretty much a boring old retired couple after the fifth season. That isn't a bad thing though. They found their place. I was very satisfied with their character arcs. 
Okay dumb question time! Do you just buy a head of iceberg and peel off the leaves, or is this packaged specially somehow?	Using running water you can get the leaves off of the head intact more easily. Just fill up the space between leaves with water and they will tend to separate.
I'm sure somewhere nearby there's a perfectly separate but equal establishment for bears of color to congregate.	That's not the point.  Bears of every color should be able to shit in the woods, the same woods.
Lux...is annoying enough with that laugh...	I hate when someone is playing Lux and keeps laughing, makes me want to kill myself.
The hubby and I keep saying we should go there, so we'll have to go soon then! :)	Get the steak fajitas. The tortillas are amazing, the chicken fajitas are pretty good, but the steak fajitas are the best steak fajitas I've ever had!
You sir, deserve a metal.	Ore something. 
From someone who values their product or service enough to pay them for it.	You're not helping the case against zero-sum so far...
Serious question:  really?	Absolutely. So is whey protein. And don't try lifting too much or you might accidentally turn massively muscular. 
So, what you are saying is the first 20 hours and the end suck? how does that make a good game?	By end-game, he meant post-game. Like, after you've beaten the main story and are just playing around with your high level characters. He said that gets boring because there's no variety, not because of the battle system.
These portals do not conserve meowmentum :(	Take note, this is a purrfect opportunity to market our new hair dye solutions!
No, I did that because english is far from being my primary language. I haven't received any education in english since primary school and hence many words I spell like I hear them. Besides on Reddit, i'm very seldom in contact with written english.	*oh snap*
[wasn't weird for me](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/191/809/me_gusta_mucho_by_megustamuchoplz-d416uqk.png?1319690633)	[well allow me to retort](http://alltheragefaces.com/img/faces/jpg/fuck-that-bitch-scared-yao.jpg)
Have you tried Russian Standard?	I have!  I'm a big fan.
yes i quite like anime.	If we lived in a world like that, with death notes laying around... you'd really start to notice how many people you give your name to.. Kind of scary. 
The 80's music playing in the background is what makes it. 	That song is also played in American Psycho.
A guy with the big meat would just smile with a slight nod and say ...ya.  	I get the impression that is what OP did as well.
Now, I don't intend to sound disrespectful, but does Dr. Pettit have a speech problem of some kind? I can't help thinking of Forrest Gump when he is talking. newlinechar 	Nervous.
I know right? I was going to comment on that, too. That was so annoying to read. It definitely wasn't as subtle as the the trick where your mind doesn't notice two 'the's in a row.	&gt; s subtle as the the trick newlinechar  newlinechar Should it be the the the trick?
a pint size version of this guy! http://imgur.com/xe8Kr... or my cat can time travel. newlinechar 	all cats can [time travel.](http://www.amazon.com/Time-Cat-Remarkable-Journeys-Gareth/dp/0140378278)  Ever wondered where cats go 'when you're looking all over and can't find them?' or when they 'suddenly appear in a room when you were sure the room was empty.''
I've made a huge mistake...	Relevant username?
Only 5	Woah bro you're not God, these questions aren't for you
The idea of child support, at least where I live is to... you know... support the child. The child you created. You're right - it does take two to tango. Maybe you shouldn't tango if you don't like the possible consequences.	But people DO that anyway, and that's the whole issue with abortion. It's technically their faul (unless they were raped), and they should have ti deal with it.
poor little guy, it doesn't even have a proper stand haha.	Needs a bath too :(
Mine is also June 8th o_O	We MUST be separated at birth and must actually be twins!
Something like a documentary instead of a docudrama.	Ahh, that helps. Thanks. 
Puppies need homes too...	I wouldn't advise pet stores though. Buying puppies from pet stores encourages puppy/kitten mill breeders to carry on breeding in horrible conditions. Buy from a reputable breeder or adopt.
the only other block I found that works similarly (allows arrows through but takes up a whole block for collisions) was a fence gate, which looked a bit better but you can just right click on it to close the gate, stopping the arrows.	This man knows his blocks.
I don't think anyone would DARE ask me about my weight...And what's funny is my weight is actually very close to pre-conception. I just look and feel like a house. (Swollen ankles and feet don't help!)	I actually haven't gained anything in the past 4 weeks (or more likely I've lost in fat what I've gained in baby).  I'm just hoping that in the next few I look more on track.
I don't understand why you're getting downvoted. It's very reasonable to expect your partner not to make you feel disgusting. I know, 'cause I've been there too. :/ I'm glad you got rid of that boyfriend!	Yeah, why bother trying to feel sexy with someone like that when there are plenty of people who won't make you feel bad?
I've got a week left! newlinechar  newlinechar As soon as I get the chance, I'm going to work on *my* story that's *really really really really* overdue... 	You have a story? What is it?
Well, Eve has [its own version](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-kGGW0UlPA&amp;feature=related).	Christ, man.... that's why I'm a miner; it is far easier on the constitution.
[](/rhmmm)You know, or the vicinity of Southern California.	[](/hmmm) Or Vermont. newlinechar [](/sp) newlinechar [](/rdcry) Oh right, no one lives here.
I think you can get them by battlepoints or money.	I just bought my furion set, store is open. 
In the chance that you're legitimately asking (my humor meter is a little faulty today), this is the guy whose face got eaten by the other guy in Miami.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar You know...the story that has been all over the place for days.	HOLY CRAP! I heard some mentions of cannibalism in Miami but I didn't hear the story. 
I pulled the cigars out and there was a pencil, then another pencil then a mint.  I think my trades may come with swag from now on.	Haha yeah i had my friend send it out because i never have time and i forgot one of the cigars so he threw in the mint and other pencil. 
Cowboys are Targaryens because there's only one left: Tony Romo, mother of Dragons. Started awesome, because a waster of seasons, wandering the desert whining about shit and getting hard-broken like a schoolgirl.	I was going to say this. Once perennially on top, now lost and constantly rebuilding.
You're not part water.	It's cool. newlinechar  newlinechar I am a common switch in against Tbolt :)
I WANT TO MODEL STUFF FOR DOTA2 RIGHT NOW.	BETTER START LEARNING BEFORE IT GETS FLOODED WITH UTTER SHIT AND WHEN YOU FINALLY DO MODEL SOMETHING GOOD NO ONE WILL EVER SEE IT
Similar to what you're looking for?  newlinechar &gt;[Red Bull Singers- Darling Dont Cry ](http://youtu.be/r6hcc2dVb2s)???	do you know what this genre of music is called?
My point was that it's no different from 'Ich esse / Ich a / Ich habe gegessen'.  Irregular verbs are in every language--we're just not aware of ours because we're used to them.	used to them? son, ive been speaking english my whole life and i still manage to trainwreck common phrases.
I think we already are...	[sweet](http://i.imgur.com/IXzsG.gif)
Those gifs explained it better than words probably could.	a gif says a million words
Interesting and intuitive, but if I was that guys neighbor, I wouldn't be thrilled. Somewhat tacky. 	Yeah. I love guns and it looks cool but it's just too huge. If scaled down I'd be all for it. People who fish have those hilarious fish-looking mailboxes 
How do I do this sorcery?!?!?	It's literally as simple as putting a '+' between the subreddit names.  This also works on the main website: newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.reddit.com/r/alienblue+apple+iphone/
Nah, Messi just got a haircut.	And some height.
My god, that's amazing! You're so lucky...wait a minute...you were just pretending to have a super hot Asian girlfriend! newlinechar  newlinechar HEY, EVERYBODY, THIS GUY'S A PHONY!	A BIG FAT PHONY
&gt;'When you roll a six-sided die, what are the odds that you'll roll a three? 50-50. You'll either get a three or you won't.' newlinechar  newlinechar -Chuck Klosterman	I like the spirit of that part of his book, but I don't know why he had to couched it in terms of probability, rendering it factually incorrect. Why not just use alternatives, like 'true or false', 'yes or no', etc.?
This is the first of several weird news stories,  just like in the walking dead. In a few weeks we'll all be fucked 	Starting to believe that 2012 shit.
the 'everybody's gota poop' economic strategy 	Most of the time when I play it my guests would rather crap their pants than paying 30 cents for a visit to the toilet.
Get the steak fajitas. The tortillas are amazing, the chicken fajitas are pretty good, but the steak fajitas are the best steak fajitas I've ever had!	I'll definitely have to try them. I'm usually not a fan of steak fajitas because they're so stringy, but I'll try them!
Were you allowed to touch the dophins if they were really close?	They didn't get close enough.  Or rather, the deck of the the boat was too high.  That would have been cool, though!
I'm 26 and sitting for level 2, it's by no means a 'late' career start	just relative I guess.  I could have done it a while ago but didn't get around to it. =(
What's up with all these girls in my squid porn...	gotta have something to drape those tentacles over..
Test comment. Please ignore.	Test reply. Please ignore.
That looks pretty compelling... In reality, can you really put the lid back on the can practically?	Yeah, it cuts on the edge, so the lid does not fall in the contents, and no sharp edges. I have had one like this for years, still works well, and we cook a lot. Well worth it.
He laughed because of how unsexy he was. I get it.  it might not be funny for someone who has never had sex because they will think 'wtf man you coulda had sex.'	I have sex quite often and I still find the story to be pretty fucking stupid.
OC'd to 4.2GHz at 1.16v. Idling around 60-9C never over 70C. &lt;Not sure if that's good or not but I'd like some input on this if possible.	You're asking the wrong person. I'm building something similar for my first time this weekend.
Not sure what I expected... 	I don't think you were expecting it to be rainbow.
...and matter.	That's another matter completely.
Yeah but I think it's strange that the skill resets after killing a clone when no other skill in the game reacts in such a way. This seriously sounds like a bug to me.	Yeah, well, I'm glad I'm not the only one that thinks this is a bug. I'd be interested to see what happened if Darius ults someone with a Zilean ult on them and 'kills' them. Anyways, I'm sad I'm getting downvoted for posing a questionable mechanic.
This may be the dumbest thing I have ever seen.	With negative 2236 karma, he does have persistence.
I laughed.	that one scene where Cheech is making a big sandwich while Hurley brings unconscious Sayid to the house always makes me hungry for large deli sandwiches
god damnit, this angers so much I could kick a toddler down a flight of stairs.	That's a lot of anger. I'd hate to see what you'd do if your keys got tangled up in your headphones.
i still dont understand	Me neither, and I wonder if it even has a point.
This. Just got CS6 Design + Web Premium for $425 after tax d/t student discount =D	The Student discount rocks. I think it was %80 for me.
If Buddha actually said this, then I have lost what respect I had for the man. 	I don't think I'd go so far as to say I lost respect.  Maybe this quote could be better understood in historical context (whatever that means/entails).  With that being said I definitely rolled my eyes after reading this.
Good day to you sir, newlinechar  newlinechar I must say, that is quite a large amount of Cannabis you have there, and incredibly potent by the sound of it. I hope you find it to be most pleasing, sir Ent.	Thank you! I hope your tokes go well too
Possibly will be open later tonight or tomorrow as they implied it should be open but they may just be holding it off for an off hour so the servers dont explode with people buying stuff. 	The store is online! Also got battle points and a mask for Juggernaut + chest from winning a match.
[*bcoz make me a mod pls*](/spoderman)	###Why did you anally violate spoderman?  And why did you do it twice?
I like you too...let's do something sometime ;)	Will Watch.
This is good. I'll apologize for all the downvotes you are receiving for no reason whatsoever. 	I agree. Infancy, I may use it as a comeback at high school some time.
Upvote for upvoting what I upvoted for.	Upvote for making the comment I wanted to make.
Did you just call that glorious dog ugly?	Sir Doggington the III, liberator of peoples, is below responding to such crass insults.  I however think NastyBigPointyTeeth should go to helllll!!!!!!
Also at an [8]	[0] but i know that feel. newlinechar  newlinechar uptokes for being brave enough to risk asking.
&gt;can't be healed. newlinechar  newlinechar By faith, but by doctors?	Sure, not that being tended to by a medieval-style doctor is a comforting thought.  
I can't see why it bothers you. Just leave it alone, it's not a big deal. She can censor whatever she wants however she wants. Some people would appreciate it.	I feel like this is a case of damned if you do, damned if you don't. newlinechar  newlinechar Many apologies FuckTheUnions
my gf had burned ends for a week lol	Should've worn a condom hahahaha newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar *that was inappropriate, I'm sorry*
that sounds like a porno... for robots.	Big Moma's Beef Curtains
I agree with you. My argument was based on the assumption that she did hang out with this guy. 	They did hang out, but she asked OP if it was cool beforehand and he said it was. That's why I said she wasn't doing anything *wrong,* at least to her knowledge. 
noted, ill do it in my next album	-girly squeal- 
-5 degrees Celsius =  23 degrees fahrenheit. 	That's cold, but bearably so. Then again, what's the extreme low?
We didn't know those Chinese children were working in unsafe conditions.	How was I supposed to know the ipad had a piece of gum joining its wires?
Fresh will be able to whore them for karma, not much though, so I'm sure you'll see them. 	Hahaha. HUMBLE BUNDLE VI WILL BE MY TIME TO SHINE!
It is crazy! I've even noticed a trend lately where US celebrity gossip stories are slowly creeping into our news. Its getting ridiculous.	Creeping? You have only seen CREEPING? THEY ARE EVERYWHERE!!!
Are you shy because you don't think you are physically attractive enough? newlinechar  newlinechar Try OKcupid, it's great, if you're a girl. Dudes, don't fucking bother.	Also try POF or Craigslist, in increasing order of skeeziness. 
She had some bone problems in her foot. She had to keep undergoing these surgeries where they had to shave off some of her bone... finally they exhausted that and didn't really have another choice...	Wow, that sucks, but I'm glad she's taking it really well! Probably what I would've done also! Props to her! ;)
[Play](http://www.play.com/Clothing/T-Shirts/-/837/1053/3-/Refine.html) has an entire section for gaming-related clothing.  It's free delievery, too! newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Just realised it's only men's stuff.  You might still find something cool, though.	I've found that men's shirts shrink less! And they aren't too short. 
or hes not poor...who am i kidding he still lives at home	everyone lives at home.
I support this.	Hi, Lain.
One of the best posts I have seen on reddit.  Good job!	The hatred I receive for expressing my point of view makes me appreciate compliments beyond articulation.  Thank you, and ooh-Rah!
Graphite? newlinechar  newlinechar 	That's fantastic! Hmm... Kind of feels like it could use a second word after it, though. I'm thinking on that now. Any ideas other than 'Sketch'? newlinechar  newlinechar With or without a second word, though, that's definitely his first name now. It's perfect.
Thank you.    	I will make sure no post goes without critique.  [](/rdsalute) 
haha, thanks I guess? newlinechar  newlinechar It is a bit tangential to the thread so I figured tack it on	I don't think that word means what you think it means.
I don't know what anthology it could be, but I found a list of anthologies that 'The Liberation of Earth' was published in [here](http://www.isfdb.org/cgi-bin/title.cgi?41211).	Good info.  'Light of Other Days' was published in 66 so the collection couldn't have come out earlier than that. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: I just went through that list and there is no crossover with the 'Light of Other Days' [list](http://www.isfdb.org/cgi-bin/title.cgi?41206).
Willis is no more certain than DJax. A Manning RB, even if it is Denver, that still doesn't mesh well. newlinechar  newlinechar I'd go with CJ and DJax and you can easily pick up Willis in round 1 or 2 of you draft if you like him that much.	Agreed, especially in a keeper league, I like these guys due to their higher ceiling. 
Yet probably licked his ass straight after this photo was taken.	Majestic
I was thinking Typhlosion, but okay, I can up that ante. newlinechar  newlinechar Snorlax, hop on!	Let's go for a ride Wailord!
[Fixed](http://i.imgur.com/akicU.png)	cool, so what's the future like?
I just got my gameboy player yesterday, I literally sat there like ':O' newlinechar  newlinechar Then I didn't attack it at all (was too scared), and caught it with my second pokeball. It's now a Dustox.	So did you get a dustox or a beautifly?
Finally he's said something I can respect!	What do you not respect about his words? I am not interested in an argument--just genuinely curious.
Just FLASHlight? [](/manspike)	Well when you're the world's most adorable everything, flashlight is included. newlinechar  newlinechar [](/lunateehee)
You're still at work? 	yep. So is the chatty old lady.
Fun fact : even relitively small boats  are too heavy for the average 1/2 ton gas job pickup to tow efficiently and reliably through hills and valleys. That's why the big 3 make 3/4 and up diesel pickups.  newlinechar Side note: fuck you! :)	Or if you're towing a food stand, having a big truck helps a ton. Also, you can be a life saver when helping someone move across town.
I really like it I but don't get it... unless his dick in the popcorn again, because if it is then i get it.	Te joek is tat a serbain flim is e prety dolanesk fillm in tat it is complettly offensif.
[here ya go](http://imgur.com/FqZeL)	I'm guessing that's a garage pass? That's pretty cool that the whole team gets rings!
I feel you say this in jest but....Not a single person is digging Tensai. just give us Albert and itll all be fine. If its a Funk join...well maybe that wouldnt work but still anything will beat Tensai newlinechar 	I'm digging Tensai. I really like him.
Post an offensive joke in a topic meant for offensive jokes. Get downvoted for being offensive. newlinechar  newlinechar I don't even... Upvoted for feeling bad.	He added zing, thats the problem
I would kill to live in Alaska, you lucky lucky guy. 	Haha it is the best :) when I was in Basic everyone loved the pictures I had of the local nature. Where are you from?
Couldn't agree more. Instead of having a boring old 'You can be the best if you train real hard!' (which is true but is always super exaggerated on kid's TV) moral, we got 'Every bit, no matter how insignificant it may seem, counts to the greater importance', and that's beautiful.	And the great part about that episode is that it doesn't deny the whole 'You can be your best if you work hard!' thing newlinechar  newlinechar But instead gives you perspective of what hard work really is
Refusal to understand causality, that the other cars are there because people parked them there. It's also pretty selfish to believe that a god inconvenienced others just to give you a message that you're fat. I mean, what, the mirror isn't message enough?	It just makes me angry to see people say things like that.
I've heard a lot of 'its not natural!' from non-religious types. newlinechar  newlinechar Yes, its about as bullshit as the religious reasons, but hey, ask and ye shall receive.	But that's objectively false. There is tons of homosexual behavior observed in nature. I'm looking for an actual reason.
Both guys very obviously landed wrong.  I'm guessing none of you belly flopped.	I was skipping through the video, I didn't see that the second guy landed wrong as well. I just went back and watched it again, my mistake. The second guy landed horribly. Poor bastards.
FUCK YOU TO HELL!!!!	Hey, he clearly marked his username.
Atheist*  (might want to fix your flair)	lol thanks
I thoroughly enjoyed the back-and-forth between you and sophonax. newlinechar  newlinechar Good times.	Yeah, I'm pretty sad she's gone. newlinechar  newlinechar I hear that the person who constructed her is still posting in aSRS. newlinechar  newlinechar But I want Sophonax back! newlinechar 
dos pawz... XO	They were so tiny! 
I've heard that too, never had the chance to try it. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Neither have they. Got it, 40 times over. Thanks guys.	This exact 3-comment chain makes an appearance every single time there's a 'most offensive joke' thread going on.  newlinechar  newlinechar I don't have a point, I just found it to be of interest.
Actually, I got banned a few minutes after posting this FYI. So it's inafter5.	I got banned, too! newlinechar  newlinechar Hopping on the karma bannedwagon!!
In northern Ireland we have adds like [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtJqw--DGl8) and [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=fvwp&amp;NR=1&amp;v=6YEoYGArMas) on TV. Very NSFW and disturbing. 	Holy fuck.
I wish I had a recording of this. It would be my ringtone.	Must be sung with Nokia tune.
Jamaica	Oooo I wanna take ya.
In Haiti!	Goddamnit...
&gt; Fuck a witch hunt newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; let's just get him de-modded! newlinechar  newlinechar wat	i.e. Let's get him demodded, but let's not go to his house and kill him.
You're*	also it's
Everything in moderation, I suppose. ;)	Except meat, cheese, and bread, apparently
He meant multiple guys per condom.	wait what?
Really? I love that movie, at a [0] or an [8]. I wouldn't recommend it to people who are easily mortified, though.	It was a great movie but don't watch it if you're easily disturbed, which I am when I'm that high xD
Maybe an anagram? newlinechar  newlinechar rasped near? newlinechar reader naps? newlinechar RAPE SNARED?	Definitely rape snared.
Doesn't that make it even worse?	I guess it depends what you're into. I thought it was pretty funny.
My girlfriend told me I was a pedophile. newlinechar  newlinechar I said, that's a pretty big word for a seven-year-old.	Whats the best part about twenty six year olds? newlinechar There's twenty of them.
Macronutrients: Carbohydrate, protein, and fat (alcohol is the oft unmentioned fourth).   newlinechar  newlinechar So they'll be a subset of your total calorie intake.  	Ahh thanks!
Must be australia.	Or as I like to call it. 'Monster Island'. 
Exactly.  I mean, it's not like there haven't been hundreds of other single player games with downtime due to server maintenance.  It's to be expected at this point. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Single player games without connecting to the internet?  What do you think this is, 1972?
Yesterday on the Adanac at the culdesac there was a female cop making everyone stop 'for our safety'. newlinechar  newlinechar I asked her if it was still cool if I shot up heroin in Blood Alley if I came to a complete stop. Everyone started laughed at her.	I was up on a roof doing a repair watching her stop every cyclist that went by thinking wtf?  what a waste of her time as well as the citizens who live in that neighbourhood.
Ohman, I miss marching band. Even the polyester uniforms. 	You have to admit, those things are warm as shit in the winter.
He just told me that he's been compared to Balls Mahoney (those his hair isn't long enough) and Roadkill as well.	'Balls' lol. newlinechar  newlinechar TELL HIM HE REMINDS ME OF ROAD WARRIOR HAWK
**WHO ISNT?!**	Seriously right?  Amend the fuck out of that soil!
thinkprogress is NOT a reputable source.  don't rely on them for facts. newlinechar  newlinechar edit:  if you want to see a racist, watch MSNBC's very own Al Sharpton 	Truth
I would love to hear more! AMA?	I dont know if it's AMA worthy, but if you have any more questions I'd be happy to answer them. Also, if you ever want to see some more pictures of the islands that are not the 'standard' stock photos I can show you mine.
Doesn't even look shiny..	It won't until badass Charizard
It seems like SRS is violently opposed to the idea that it's good to be attractive and/or that some people are more attractive than others. Am I onto something?	No no, they want *us* to shave our neckbeards, stop being fat, and dress in something other than graphic T's. But womenz? Perfect the way they are and STOP LOOKING AT ME SHITLORD. 
what is the code for?	I should say though, that it blinks periodically. 
Being a neurologist doesn't mean you know more than me about brains! newlinechar  newlinechar What?	I think he's a neuroscientist. That just means he's not a doctor doctor, just a doctor.
I use it to quickly verify that I'm not missing cover art for anything. newlinechar  newlinechar Apart from that, it's completely useless.	You can actually make a smart playlist in iTunes that picks up which songs are missing album artwork.
how often do you do pot?	I did like 10 pots the other just the other night.
[](/lunasad 'Okay. For the record, I have no idea what doll, but I can guess what it is...')	[Have a good night sleep....](http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/316/828/2d5.png)
The answer would be a lot shorter if you asked, 'Did anyone not click her name to see if she had posted in /r/gonewild?'	'No' isn't a whole lot shorter than 'yes.'
False! Ad block works perfectly fine if you are content to watch a blank screen for a minute. 	It doesn't work anymore. They make you disable it, or it won't play.
there will be almost 250 gold wasted on those 2 flags.  and it will stay that way.   newlinechar  newlinechar Wanna know why???? newlinechar  newlinechar [Cause thats how we roll](http://youtu.be/uKoZBRAFNTg)	250 gold? That's 62.5 hearts! newlinechar  newlinechar (Yee-haw!)
Nice try NJ tourism board member.	Nope just a 20 year old who has lived here his whole life
If this were any other subreddit I'm sure you'd be down voted.	if only it were in a trash talk thread and in all caps
Yeah, she just came home today and she's already trying to run around. I'm trying my best to keep her calm. She's a tough kitty.	Aww, it's hard with hyper cats because it's like... calm down, you can't rip the stitches! lol 
DAT FEEL WHEN MY HIGH SCHOOL'S FINALS ARE DURING PROMETHIUS OPENING NIGHT newlinechar  newlinechar DAT FEEL WHEN MY HIGH SCHOOL IS YOUR HIGH SCHOOL newlinechar  newlinechar DAT FEEL WHEN UNLIMITED FREE FOOD AT THE RITZ	[](/rdhuh) Do you work, Tents?
Nice username (: newlinechar That is all.	Hah thank you, I've been lurking for a couple months and finally decided to actually make an account today! Sadly for the past week my dealer hasn't responded so it's somewhat less frequent &gt;&lt;
Never in my life have I experienced a bug with this game. newlinechar  newlinechar Scrolling with 3 items visible at a time than with 15 at a time is not nearly the life-destroying hinderance people seem to treat it, either.	Have you tried building a structure using custom scenery? The alpine sets alone are something like 120 objects to scroll through, plus all the other categories (even closed). It's just frustrating compared to RCTLL or RCT2 where they were grided and you could see a ton at once.
There is a separation of church and state, that's why they're *not* going and killing people	They are not separate enough though.
Oh, and jus' burritos is next door to Great Scott's. Not as good as Santiago's, but probably the best in broomfield.	The Great Scott's chain is owned by Scott Richter, whose other hobby was being a massive spam sender: http://www.offshorenet.com/2005/01/profile-of-a-spam-king.php
Yes.  It is illegal and I got caught.  I was issued a DMCA takedown notice and complied.	whilst downloading you are in fact sharing if you're using bit torrent though, because of the nature of it.
Yeah. And he probably just picked it up 5 seconds ago after playing something else, and will put it back down in another 10 seconds to play something else, all from memory. It requires a lot of concentration.	Welcome to band, if you say we aren't a sport, FUCK YOU!
Though the horns and wolf are the symbols of those holds.	Conspiracy!
Whats her fluffy special friends name? 	Wesley Snugglesworth.
butbutbutbut-	How would you know what the diabetes tastes like... newlinechar  newlinechar I suppose if you taste it every day for a while to notice any discrepancies. 
Thats extremely sad.	Yeah, but he was just glad to be on the show.  newlinechar  newlinechar He still has the bike hanging up in his garage, so wasn't a total loss. 
Yes and no. Yes it's supposed to be horrible, but in a funny way. newlinechar  newlinechar Anyone can be horrible, but it's harder to be tact about it.	Ah, thank you kind sage.
What a childish response	I'm pretty sure it's a troll. I mean, you have to be a troll with a name like lolaww.
Weird. Golf in Florida is a winter sport.	Well, that makes sense I mean it is wicked hot in the summer in Florida, and up here in the north it is too cold in winter(remember snow) but comfortable in the summer.
anyone know why the homeless man isn't wearing pants in the bottom picture? and the zombie is naked too. i'm sorry i don't know the specifics of this story 	Perhaps this was a post-coital snack.
haha, gee sorry man!! it just...got no love...ok im sorry. but thanks :)	sorry if that came off as me being rude. it just sounds kinda karma whorrish. 'hey this subreddit ddnt like my post enough so im gonna repost in another to get karma' but im sure that wasnt your intentions XP
How did you take the pictures of the game play?	Hit start then upload to facebook.  Then download the picture and upload to imgur.
A character I am not interested in seeing would be [ADWD](/b 'Quentyn Martell. He added virtually nothing to the storyline other than being cooked alive by Rhaegal.')	[ADwD](/b 'I disagree. He was the other end of the Dornish-Targaryen alliance, and was/is vital to Dorne's position in the war of Five Kings.') 
Does Ramos play well at left back?	Arbeloa plays LB for the national team. But I think Jordi Alba is taking his place for the future.
Pickles are an oddly good source of electrolytes.  Some athletes drink pickle juice postgame. newlinechar 	Is this true of both salt-brined pickles and vinegar-preserved pickles?
That's what I'm saying! I feel like he gets ignored though! 	Naw he's gorgeous! He's also the only Hulk/Bruce Banner I actually LOVED.
To be fair, I am pretty cool	well there ya go!
It's definitely going to be interesting. 	And I somehow have 3 catchers...
tinyirishgirl	she has a welcome. 
I kinda like sleeping, so I'm not going to look, but what exactly is behind that link?	dead bodies, mutilated genitals, scat porn. You know, the usual.
I rescind my comments, lol. I don't know what I'm smoking, but I was wrong. :P	Naw man, pretty sure Karma's not a real champion so it is 98th.
Lol, that's why it's fantasy. :)	Heehee, yup. newlinechar  newlinechar Though I'm really happy my husband bears a passing resemblance to Loki...
Maybe they deliver.	I'm the driver. Take me about 4 days and cost you about 300000000 dollars in delivery charges but I'm down.
Yeah but it's mostly all in good fun, I think. There's something kind of fun about downvoting someone for not doing something they are under absolutley no obligation to do.	You think this is a mutha effin game?
wow. 	[he *is* music](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-XxQToMpJiV0/TcQwlC7MuyI/AAAAAAAAAHU/e4hjs6xT-c8/s1600/1203429811waynefacetatt1.jpg)
I was my school's yearbook editor for two years, and I absolutely can confirm that there is no way to make the wrestling page without at least mild homoeroticism.	Well, it was the Greek sport, after all. 
[You can't stop us.](http://cache.ohinternet.com/images/2/2f/Words_Worth_meme.jpg)	I think I've seen that before.
**NOVELTY ACCOUNTS ARE FUCKING CANCER!** newlinechar  newlinechar Translation: This looks like a promising karma train.	*You. I like you.* newlinechar  newlinechar LE UPVOTES PLEASE, BUCKAROOS
This = 1000x	x=This/1000
*oh snap*	You go girl!
He should try improvisational comedy more often.	He should try more improvisational comedy, now.
I hate when someone is playing Lux and keeps laughing, makes me want to kill myself.	Once we ran Lux and Lulu. Before it was called a bug, I thought Riot disabled animation spamming for this reason.
I find it to be an OP terrible weapon. Ambassador baby!	I like the vanilla revolver
Labels want singles. He wasn't worried about that during the mixtapes. And on mixtapes, you can rap on any beat and not pay, unlike albums where you have to pay for samples.	yeah, I get it. it's just that mixtape material should get the listener hyped for the real release, not overshadow it.
Always with the free trips. Everyone says 'So, can you hook me up?' Tragically, the only people I can hook up are in my immediate family, and if I go with them. ;)	What are your views on adoption?
Wait wait... How is that not a straw purchase? newlinechar 	It's not a straw purchase unless you're purchasing for someone who woundnt be able to legaly purchase it on their own. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT:  I stand corrected.
Haha.  But you do know Mr. Goodkind did years of research to enhance realism?	No i did not, but i have no plans for imploding my world, my only hope is that fellow fans enjoy it as much as i think it
Yeah, I pretty much lost it when I read that. I've even seen the Cascadian national team stuff at places like BigSoccer, and they're totally serious. 'We're just like the Basques and Kosovars, we should totally form our own national team!!!' Talk about taking Euro-identification too far.	HEY! We've been trying to free ourselves from the tyranny of the US since the 70's! CASCADIA FOREVER! newlinechar  newlinechar /sarcasm newlinechar  newlinechar *Edit: Figured I should add the sarcasm bit, lest anyone take me too seriously.
WHATCHA SELLIN?	got some new things for sale, stranger.
Please be an Alice In Chains reference.	And it is!
I just want to injure every Chelsea player with hopelessly violent challenges. I'd send de Jong to the owners box to ninja kick Abramovic in the chest.  	Not to worry. We have Walker and Benny (The best Fullbacks in the country) to defend against Hulk and Hazard. newlinechar  newlinechar And we have Bale and Lennon who are 10x better. They don't even have a real right back! ^^^And ^^^John ^^^terry's ^^^a ^^^cunt.
P-Rick.	World's stupidest bottom-burp
It wasn't a choking hazard, it was a suffocation hazard. They would get the ball and cover their mouth and nose with it and then suffocate.	Ahh, thanks for clarifying, that makes much more sense. 
Comic-Con pics with Felicia Day. newlinechar  newlinechar Hoverhanding.	Look at my pic with Felicia Day. NO HOVERHAND! SUCCESS!!! lol http://i.imgur.com/ZzQPU.jpg
I have not seen this Metro glitch yet, but I have heard about it many times.  Isn't it near the B flag on conquest?	There is one found near the US spawn and also one near the Russian spawn on Metro. 
d00d u shuld jon 9gag cuz were beter then Readit and 4Chn cuz dats 4 pedoz.  newlinechar  newlinechar (This comment was sarcastic if it isn't obvious enough)	WER LEEGN newlinechar  newlinechar ###LEEGN
Protein, veggies, protein, fruit, protein, veggies, protein. No dairy (lactose intolerant)	Eat more apples! Eat ALL the apples!
at 3pm	at Valve time newlinechar 
I'd invite her up to my bedroom to play some Mario Kart with the rest of the lads as long as it's a respectable hour in the day and my wife is comfortable with it.	I'd become best friends with her all over her chest.
You could just eat avocados instead. It's a [good source of potassium](http://potassiumrichfoods.com/5/avocado-as-a-potassium-source-benefits-and-recipes/) and keto-friendly!	I love avocados. Thanks for the tip! 
Seriously, who? Nowhere on the existence of r/ladyboners did anyone imply we did not think a certain group of people were hot. newlinechar  newlinechar I objectify every hot man equally! Regardless of race, creed or sexual orientation!	yes! we dont discriminate when it comes to hot sexy men! 
That's awesome, and how lucky that she was there when it happened! I'm glad she recognized your super powers and said yes. :)	Of course, I'll apparently have to share my world-crown with your equally powerful husband
Robot Boy is so unique and visceral. I love that song.	I also wish Jornada del Muerto was longer, I love that song.
What did that fag say?	'I love black people'
Oh god. I blocked out the Dorito story for a while, and freaking clicked the link below to read it. Troll brain wins again.	Oh. I forgot about the Doritos story. Someone refresh me?
But should I have to?	No. A single frame gif would be the exact same file size, for one thing.
LMAO (leing my ass off) newlinechar  newlinechar and by that I mean I have nothing to add and would like some sweet easy karma	'Don't worry, I will be your conductor on the karma train!' - Carl Sagan newlinechar  newlinechar [7]
I just pity C's husband, being a good friend isn't always worth the drag on the marriage. However, I am very happy for you.	Envy C's husband. That blowjob sounded awesome. 
Was the war of the dawn not between the first men and the white walkers? Why couldn't one of the first generation of Night's Watchmen have buried that at the fist of the First Men, a place notorious for the battles fought on it at that same time period?	i was correcting the 'while they were still fighting others' thing. it wasnt as if they were saving it for the next day, whoever put it there knew that it would be a while until someone needed to use the obsidian again (seeing as the others were driven back/defeated). 
The sarcasm is thick with this one.	The problem is that there is a multitude of fan boys out there saying the same thing without the cocked eyebrow.  
I know it's a joke, but I found it funny as shit. This was right in front of the hotel, with the bus around the corner, and when we left, he pissed on the bus. I've never been prouder of a dog in my life.	Lol if I saw a bunch of giant O-line dudes squeeing over a puppy I'd laugh my ass off too. 
I was going to post something like this. My husband is Indian (1/4 Arab) and very dark, and we've talked about how Bollywood loves lighter stars - it is especially true for the women - but I just LOVE dark Indian men. There are some very sexy ones out there!	Does Mohinder from Heroes count?  Because he's smokin'
everyone is karmanaut. newlinechar  newlinechar even me.	I am not karmanaut.  I guess making this a meme is a way to rehabilitate his karma whore ass.  I wish you and everyone else would not.  He made reddit worse not better.
He said HOMOSEXUAL. He's a HOMO! WE HAVE ONE!	[](/sadlyra 'I just don't to get my hopes up.')
I loved the hell out of Oblivion. So much so, that I got the achievements for my roommate just to give me a reason to play it to completion again. newlinechar  newlinechar I am in no way bragging, believe me, I just love bashing stuff in medieval times. :P	Totally redeemed in my eyes, good sir.
I really like this, I really do. You're a class act, JerryHardpenis.	Don't let the name fool you. 
Ore something. 	You have a very rustic sense of HU mor. 
He already plays a character in thor, don't think they'd have the same actor in their own universe 	Eh. It's not entirely far fetched. I doubt most people know who he is at this point and would actually recognize him.
to answer your question, no I don't. i think you should get some help though, for yours and their sake. and stop, you can break the cycle if you try.	I have always thought that they should die. I am surprised to hear a different opinion. 
If everyone already knows this then the 'The more you know' tagline is redundant	You sir, are correct. newlinechar  newlinechar The more you know.
Uma has giant man hands....	Some people may like that.  You know what they say about big hands!  Oh.....wait...........
I still dont... I want extreme spinner rims on my treadmill bike now.	'this is the coolest thing I've ever been on...' newlinechar  newlinechar ...yeah let's face it pal you haven't been on a whole lot things, amirite guys???
Thats what she sa...fuck it.	Yes, yes she did say it.  :P
Test reply. Please ignore.	Testing, testing. Please ignore.
[SPAAAAAACCCE](http://www.portal2sounds.com/sound.php?id=298&amp;stream)	Browsing on my phone in the ER, was not expecting this, everyone's staring at me now....
I like the kill on ash when he was trying to kill gp. You can tell he stops for a second and thinks...wait that wasn't gp KEEP CHASING.	Haha, indeed. Although I agree there was luck involved and I'm not claiming there was any 'skill' involved whatsoever, it was entertaining to watch this after it happened, figured I'd share it~
They did hang out, but she asked OP if it was cool beforehand and he said it was. That's why I said she wasn't doing anything *wrong,* at least to her knowledge. 	I'll bet you $100 fake dollars that she dumps him within the next month. 
Yup, sure is a lot of penetration	Lots of it i presume.
Guy, we're talking about contraception here, not an abortion. Noone is even sure if she is pregnant at this point. There is no execution if you're preventing pregnancy in the first place, is there?	I'm willing to bet it won't be long to the religious far right put out an ad comparing condoms to putting a plastic bag over a babies head. newlinechar  newlinechar There's no reasoning with these people.
Except when it's on fire.	In all fairness, that was the Cuyahoga River, not the actual lake. It was in the 60's and there have been huge improvements since then. Fun fact - [We have a beer named after it](http://beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/73/225) - and the shit's *good.*
Ah okay, thanks for explaining what was going on here 	No problem.
Either that or a catastrophic failure. 	I'm hoping for the former, but expecting the latter.
Sweet, due to the sugar content in the urine.	Have you seen the bottom of the page? You're scarring Sweetie Belle with all this talk!
You may not be able to read a woman's mind, but you can understand them	If a man ever understands a women, well my friend, that is indisputable proof of a miracle.
i didn't know that existed! mind=blown.	A word to the wise, don't go on this sub unless you have read everything. You just have to scroll over one spoiler and your day is ruined.
Let's just hope they take that into account.	How do you not have more up votes...
I was going to search for pictures of what could go wrong, but then I realized I wouldn't really want to see such pictures to begin with.	I mean, knowing the internet, they must exist. newlinechar  newlinechar [](/z11 'Cmon, feed your curiosity.')
...I feel for you...	Like Chaka Khan I'm the don.
I LIKE TURTLES.	I'll take that as a vote for mutiny. 
thats sick man, congrats! I didn't even realize how full the stadium was!	That's what I was thinking too. Nice to see a full stadium for a real football game in the US.
everyone lives at home.	Unless you're...homeless.
One of the popular girls from my school got knocked up. Her parents told her she'd better go to the welfare office. 	Based on the novel Push by Sapphire
YOLO. amirite?! I'm right.	You are right.
Thats pretty homo.	yes, to a simpleton like you, but to intellectual people like wordspaghetti and me, two men having a child is a beautiful(and non-homo) thing. just ask arnold schwarzenegger.
Get the Honda out of the pictures and they'll be much better.	The Honda guy is probably their friend. Let it be.
what happens on the second video?	Yeah. I don't see much going on..
I think I've wrapped my head around that. I'm clearly not very knowledgeable of Dr. Who. My nerd card is currently suspended pending further review.	Dammit, who issued you a card in the first place? Well, I'll let it slide if you promise to catch up from 2005 within the next, mmmmm.... Week. Get to Netflix, STAT. Doctor's orders.
http://i.imgur.com/Il0yP.jpg :)	Could you please zoom in on that some more you crazy Russian.
I would be so happy if they did this, and you're 100% right too. Real PC players can live with a handful of bugs on the condition they'll be addressed in a week or so anyway.	Yup, also you could have the beta testing optional. Loads of people would sign up for beta testing new patches
If you don't reset the shot clock, Parker might fuck your wife too!	Ugh. Yeah. So many times I've been cuckolded and/or sexually violated, only to have 'BASKETBALL REASONS' shouted at me. And at that point, what can I do?!
[*Simple rules of competition among powerful people  ~~eliminate~~ anally violate the competition. Twice.*](/dartpulto) newlinechar  newlinechar ####LOL BECAUSE IT'S A REFERENCE TO THE SOURCE FROM WHICH WE DERIVE DARTH PRUDO!!!11!	###I don't understand the reference.  Reddit, should I commit suicide?
I was skipping through the video, I didn't see that the second guy landed wrong as well. I just went back and watched it again, my mistake. The second guy landed horribly. Poor bastards.	Well just so you know, I upvoted you.  Not sure why you're getting so much backlash.  It is very possible to jump from that height and higher using the correct form with no injury. 
She stressed that it was tiny. I was thinking 2 to 3 inches, but when she said 5 to 6 inches, I was just like 'oh...'	2 to 3 inches is a clit. 
His girlfriend I believe has said he was a 'zombie'. newlinechar  newlinechar His friends and people who knew him however have said he was a drug addict and had money problems so it was probably just some fucked up dude on drugs	No... on the contrary: newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.tampabay.com/news/bizarre/girlfriend-miami-zombie-may-have-had-voodoo-spell-that-made-him-chew-off-a/1232922 newlinechar 
So you have to decide from the instant you meet her whether you want to be acquaintances, friends, or more than friends? Sorry, but I can't decide if i'm into a woman before I get to know her. 	What I was trying to say is that many guys, often from fear of rejection do not make their feelings clear from the beginning, they get close under the guise of friendship. This is setting yourself up for failure because she won't think of you as a potential partner.
Yes. You should not use an OS that is in beta as your primary OS. newlinechar  newlinechar Just use Windows 7 for free.	how can i get windows 7 free?
Oh, well, thanks for making me feel like an asshole, I guess ._.	Perhaps you *are* an asshole, ~~Peter~~, er Dan.
Yes, I guess I just phrased it wrong. All of you are right.	No need to smoke, and no need to judge. 
Not the same thing thats in this photo.	I though Viggen meant something similar so I chimed in with something I've used personally. The full shaft coverage would be nice.
I personally think their previous album The Price of Existence was better, you should definitely check it out. [This](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujoeF_TarR4) is my favorite song by them hands down. The Day of Justice is a close second.	wow that is a great song, thanks for showing me
Thank you! Those are my feet. I have some sock pictures.. I tnink.	that color of polish looks great on your feet, can I request some sole shots please?
the only browns fan besides my history teacher thats cool with me	many thanks kind sir
Unfortunately, so was that. 	And so was that.....this is getting meta with our Western self-observation.....
Wan't.... 	I was going to post that. Grammar Nazis unite!
To be honest, I just didn't appreciate having something I dedicated a lot of energy and time to being attacked by a few homophobic neckbeards. I guess that makes me the douche. 	You take yourself too seriously. 
also it's	Das true, das true.
Portrait mode faggot. I don't care you already mentioned it, that doesn't lessen the mistake. newlinechar  newlinechar In all seriousness, Anthony has a nice party house.	I know I fucking suck, goddamn it! I'll take a better video next time I promise. 
That would be one of the basic steps involved in a *loan*	You might be surprised how many people don't understand that.
Didn't you see the one were Spock went into heat?   	I don't think pon farr really counts. It only occurs once every seven years and if he doesn't do something about it he dies.
&gt;The thing is its very dangerous to have a fixed idea. A person with a fixed idea will always find some way of convincing himself in the end that he is right. newlinechar  newlinechar -*Good Calories, Bad Calories*, Chapter 7	oh the ironing 
How early is early? I suppose that information is given on the website though, right? 	[Here is a schedule of their shows](http://www.griffithobservatory.org/psoplanet.html). A hour early to your scheduled show should be sufficient. You may want to call them; they are very helpful and can give you an idea of how busy they are. 
Volunteer. You're helping others, which makes you feel good. It's also a great way to put things into perspective. 	This is a great idea! I'll go on the hunt for some weekend volunteer opportunities.
[Doctress](http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/doctress)	That word is so grossly out of use that you're being ridiculous by even mentioning it.
I work at a Vet clinic and I am good friends with one of the Vets there. She helped me out free of charge.	In that case, my dog keeps digging up my sprinklers. Is there any operation to make him less stupid?
[*k*](/dolan)	[*fak u spoderman Imma anally vilate u 2ce nigr*](/morky)
Will Watch.	as long as penis isn't too small, like 5-6 inches.
How'd Two-Face and Joker have a kid?	I *really* hope he meant **Harley**.
*reasonable* price	Just gotta search. I have a bunch of jerseys I have ever paid over $30 for any of mine. I just got a brand new RBK Thrashers jersey for $20 shipped.
NOW, ENTER MY REALM OF ERROR!	I bet the voice over for 'Error' would sound just as corny as the overpronounced 'Terror'
Technically, Dumbledore just means 'bumblebee.'	Well even still, I didn't know that bumblebees have pubes.
[](/sbstare) I am moist with envy. newlinechar  newlinechar I, too have a friend who works there, I rarely see him.	THIS IS WHY YOU PLAN AHEAD
that means that you have a major malfunction with your car's engine. you should not drive it.	That's awesome.  newlinechar  newlinechar So basically I have to tow the car to someone who's willing to even look at it? 
THIS IS ALL YOUR FAULT	Oh, I can't stay mad at you!
Or you are using a shitty wireless mouse?	There's no such thing as a non-shitty wireless mouse for gaming. I keep giving in and trying new wireless mice at a rate of about once a year (because well, gamers hate cords too). It never works out well. newlinechar  newlinechar Someday maybe.. Just not yet.
###If you're a nigger, honkey, kike, spic, dago, wog, limey, frog, gook, slant, whitey, porch monkey, beaner, coon, or Canadian you need to upvote this one.	###wop?
NO Thank YOU JaccFX	Many thanks, TheCats_PJs!! Cool name btw
My mother is in that club as well arghhh	At least it's fundamentally good advice. Much better than 'you should get rid of your cats'.
What drama! Link please?	[Original fake:](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/humc6/iam_emilia_clarke_i_play_daenerys_in_hbos_game_of/) newlinechar  newlinechar and newlinechar  newlinechar [Mod mea culpa](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/huqug/the_emilia_clarke_ama_is_fake_thanks_to_those_who/)
It's a bot, it can't understand you.	well i have to shit now. 
Me three!	Done and done
The problem was corruption. You could have more kids if you wanted to, but only if you had the money	Maybe this is my most controversial opinion: Allowing rich people to have more kids is better, because they'll generally be more educated.
I guess it is difficult to convey sarcasm through text. Sorry for the confusion. 	Ah well, FWIW I assumed sarcasm when you said 'a rag tag group of buddies'.
I'll definitely have to try them. I'm usually not a fan of steak fajitas because they're so stringy, but I'll try them!	They aren't immune from stringiness, but they are more tender than any others I've had. 
Yay, I'm 'this guy'!	Grats, man!
It's called RAS Syndrome (repeated acronym syndrome syndrome) newlinechar  newlinechar http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/RAS_syndrome	This made me smile. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Still smiling, even with the downvotes. *shrug*
[Here's an annoying variant version done crappily on YouTube.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?NR=1&amp;feature=fvwp&amp;v=zEEGzVmVY7E)	how would you go about in making the incision? That's the only thing I'm puzzled at
AMC is where cult hits thrive. If only we were sent over there =(	From what happened with Darabont on Walking Dead, maybe not...
I'm the driver. Take me about 4 days and cost you about 300000000 dollars in delivery charges but I'm down.	It's OK, everybody. newlinechar  newlinechar This guy checks out! newlinechar  newlinechar He's a legit pizza-place employee.
Drawing, and drawing.	May I see some of your work? newlinechar  newlinechar Oh yea, and /r/MLPdrawingschool 
No, this *is* Half Life 3.	So the pissing scene from Duke Nukem Forever was a beta test?
[I swear I didn't believe.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=-d8aoaJxIHE)	'... Think I might have done some damage there...' newlinechar  newlinechar (I just saw this episode last night. I love this show.)
What makes Disney better?	I think that Disney has a better overall presentation, but Universal probably has better individual rides.  Neither place can touch Cedar Point on roller coasters.  That place ruins everything else. 
You say that as if you don't get giddy when you daydream up your convoluted plan for survival in the unlikely event of one.	I don't.
So by that logic you would consider Christianity a path to God? But disagreeing on Jesus. 	Yes.  Although there is the jesus problem and a few other ones , Christianity is still a path to god. 
So brave.	Grandma told me she'd pray for me, so I hid all her pills.  We'll see how long that FUNTARD survives by praying to le JEBUS.
[Gaaaaaaaaaaay](http://i.imgur.com/Vbqhg.jpg)	&gt; [Gaaaaaaaaaaay](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wXw6znXPfy4) newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY
If all people care about is bread and circuses, you don't reduce the size of the loaves.	You signed up to liberty classroom too?
A different Ivy, but I'm in NYC now. Any other Ivy bros?	IVY! Someone should make an ivy gaybro subreddit
You could turn it into a bong :)  Haha only kidding, I knew it was a vase though, just got my hopes up when I saw it.	r/stonerengineering
It's called Boku No Pico, it's a shota anime. It's basically young boys doing...inappropriate things.	Ironically, Boku no Pico sounds like 'Mouth in the Dick' in portuguese (i'm serious lol)
You can actually make a smart playlist in iTunes that picks up which songs are missing album artwork.	How precisely can you do that?
No time!	But i need to pee too!
You haven't been on reddit enough, shame. 	i feel like it was something about a tumor
Any two-footed tackles ?	a couple years ago some kid fainted, they accused him of cheating so he could have more time to spell the word.
Ditto, my ex bf did too. Really kills the fucking mood...get it, fucking mood?! You see what I did there? You're welcome.	Fucking mood is fucked.
We need at least 7 more seasons and a spin-off show with Emperor Momo's great grandson and Pabu.	NO, we need avatar to never end, NEVER.
The 2080s/2090s. 	B.C.
Also, doesn't it sort of . . . *rain sulfuric acid* on Venus from time to time?	Not at 50km up. It rains acid on the surface, but it's also 900 degrees on the surface which is the larger challenge.
It doesn't work anymore. They make you disable it, or it won't play.	just checked and still works for me. had to sit through 2minutes of a blank screen but currently watching a new family guy episode.
Ameer was not a smart guy or a well liked one, but everyone knew him. He was always looking for attention, so he decided to jump off the school building on a huffy. It did not end well.	Wow. What a smart boy... Lol kidding. I could see several people I know doing that lmao. 
Oh dear lord, haha. We were sitting there for like 3 hours and were bored. It was funny at the time. 	I laughed a little. haha
Aww, it's hard with hyper cats because it's like... calm down, you can't rip the stitches! lol 	Haha tell me about it. She's asleep now (finally).
American here, and never as well.  	American as well. I agree...I don't even remember the last time I heard about Australia in the news. 
Reminds me of Dry Bones	http://imgur.com/BIe7f
Be careful what you (sarcastically) wish for	where is this bot reporting for? it sounds cold
When it went all fuzzy I almost freaked out and thought I was going blind or something.	Same here. It's a shame that game has such sluggish controls, though.
[i offered but tehy didnt want any its homemade to so it just hruts my felings](http://www.reddit.com/r/redditrequest/comments/udbwm/requesting_rblackfathers/c4uixvs?context=3)	T: Wash your hands after touching the poop
I didn't say it was a *good* idea, I just said he *could* do it &amp; still lose weight. :)	What's a good idea look like?  I'm in the FAQ right now, and all I see is discussion of Paleo &amp; Vegetarian.  I am not down for either of those.
How do you circumcise a redneck? kick his sister in the jaw  	this kills the penis.
I made it to the bottom, and there's another link, but there's security warnings from chrome.	yeah i was going to click that but firefox asked to launch a bunch of applications and nope fuck that shit
[Have a good night sleep....](http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/316/828/2d5.png)	[](/photofinish 'I cannot self-terminate. Lower me into the gluepot with this.')
You're asking the wrong person. I'm building something similar for my first time this weekend.	Good luck!
Amen!  newlinechar  newlinechar I've always hated the (insert thing I dislike here) circlejerk. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Amen, brotha!  Amen to Christ!	What if Christ is the thing you dislike?
Why is it people who want kids have such a hard time conceiving, but if you don't want kids you get pregnant just from someone thinking about having sex without a condom? newlinechar  newlinechar Or at least that's the way it seems.	I think both groups you mentioned are heard from more than couples in opposite scenarios.
Well they're in Cherno... Pretty much all you need to know.	What do you mean pretty much all you ne- newlinechar  newlinechar *finally gets that they're in Cherno* newlinechar  newlinechar ...I'll just go outside now.
it belongs better at [r/LGBT] (/http://www.reddit.com/r/lgbt)	IT BELONGS IN A MUSEUM!
Upvote for GW2, but just to clarify, there is no release date yet.	And another upvote for GW2. Between the 'dynamic events' replacing the 'Kill x creatures, collect y creature spleens, talk to person z' quests, and the World vs World PvP (my favorite part!), there's a lot that keeps the gameplay varied and interesting.
My solution is to wear pajamas that I can step on and they'll fall off easily. Putting them back on...well that can wait until after my nails dry. It's my house, I can walk around with my undies all I want!	But...how to get undies back up?
He's paid for that with blood, sweat and tears. newlinechar  newlinechar LOTS of blood, sweat and tears.	I don't think you're doing it right if there's blood...
I'm actually going to have to do it tomorrow, something came up. Message me around 3:00pm.	How many hours is that from now? I'm in aus so that's usually the easiest way to go about setting up a time
By Armok's beard. I guess I just never had a fell butcher before. I kind of want to see this happen.	They don't have to be a butcher, they just occupy the butchers shop for the... Err... Construction.
You sure about that?	Absolutely. Nolan's Batman is heightened reality- no full-blown science fiction. 
Gave 'Shirt Amon' his [hood](http://i.imgur.com/6tJk8.jpg). newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Glad you like it OP! Also: Re-touched it to make a [bigger hood](http://i.imgur.com/heKqW.jpg) and an [even bigger](http://i.imgur.com/sVvYl.jpg) one. I prefer the middle size myself, not too subtle and not too invasive.	This is awesome! 
Yeah, this. Sorry. rounded the last .5 or 1 to 100.	Funny enough even surgical sterilization has a tiny percentage of failure. 
Well I fooled myself because I didn't notice it until you pointed it out.	That's what redditors are for!
The 'potstickers' from Trader Joe's only have 200 calories for 7 dumplings. Wrap them in a wet paper towel and microwave them for two minutes and they're ready to go. Delicious and simple snack or mini-meal!	My bf works at Trader Joes (10% discount booyah!) and I eat a bag of these every 2 weeks! So good! But please, try making them in a pan! They are so easy to make and way more delicious!
They're perfect for my 33 pound dog--at least the ones at my asian market are.  Holy crap, 3 inch diameters?  I don't think that was a regular pig femur... it had to have been a dire war pig or something. 	lmao @ dire war pig newlinechar  newlinechar I only ever got them from a private meat processor out in bumfuck, USA.. so who knows!
take a joke	you should make it more obvious next time.
I went to a party with an old friend last weekend and it was pretty much like this. Was pretty awesome to just be one of the girls at the party and have only one person know my history there.	And it makes you trust that person all the more, right? (It does for me).
Welcome to magic tricks.	Illusions.
Well, the wife is a little pissed now.  I'll ask the firemen when they get here if they can help with Bastion..Thanks for the help so far!	Welcome!
Because they're precious little lieutenants? I dunno. I've done the Simunitions (what he did) many times when I was in the Fleet (preparing for war).	When I went through they did simunitions when it was warm out (to reduce injury) and miles (laser tag for the uninitiated) when it wasn't. You're saying they got rid of simunitions entirely? That kind of sucks. This was by far the most (only?) fun part of the poi.
you're saying it like it's a drastic life altering mistake	...it's not...?
Actually, once, I was late for class after going to a job interview, so I rapidly pushed across campus wearing a nice little black dress. I got some very strange looks... I did have time to throw on my shitty skate shoes though :)	This sounds like every guy here's dream.
I'm glad someone presented a list of Orthodox file managers. newlinechar  newlinechar I can't keep using the Roman Catholic ones with a clear conscience...	Darn, someone got to the joke before I did. Anyway, I'm protesting this article, we need some reformed file managers!
7/10	That's my birthday!
Thanks.  Did Batman borrow Arkham from the publishing company Arkham House mentioned above?	Well, the fictional city of [Arkham, Massachusetts](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arkham) that H.P. Lovecraft invented in 1920 is the source for both names.
Whenever I see that look from one of my dogs, I just think 'Ohhh no' and go in search of disaster.	^same lol newlinechar 
Yeah fuck that guy he doesnt know anything your good bro lift x2 next time.	I broke my arm in 7 places whens i fell from the ladder. Docter says none of bicep cirls but need biceps 4 the ladies. Can i still get ripped?????
Maybe you are looking for [mememaker.net](http://mememaker.net)? newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: formatting	I was but conveniently I also work with arduino. Thanks. 
This is a world where magic exists and bipedal lizards have breasts.	&gt;bipedal trees newlinechar  newlinechar ftfy
No no, they want *us* to shave our neckbeards, stop being fat, and dress in something other than graphic T's. But womenz? Perfect the way they are and STOP LOOKING AT ME SHITLORD. 	To be fair I've never seen them suggest losing weight to anyone, 'fat shaming' is a big no-no there. Even their fitness subreddit consists almost entirely of articles saying that it's healthy to be fat, haha.
That would be great, but if one comes under you, that would be a problem, but they should be more better, how bout they poof out of nowhere with black smoke.	Well,  there is already a minimum distance that they can spawn from,  so this isn't really much of a problem. 
Be the disaster you want to see in the world.	I believe it was Godzilla who said that. 
Exactly.  It looks like the license plate was sheared off, how can that possibly happen unless you were driving?	OP never said they weren't driving at the time. It could well have been a hit-and-run while moving, and was still the other driver's fault.
'Don't worry, I will be your conductor on the karma train!' - Carl Sagan newlinechar  newlinechar [7]	LITERALLY ROFL (rolling on floor leing) newlinechar more karma please
Yes, infantile amnesia is a wonderful thing. (:	Just imagine if you remembered everything from your infancy ... childbirth would be so traumatic!
Why should anyone dying in Brazil be news?	Well played.
What instrument did you march?	Sousaphone 
Take note, this is a purrfect opportunity to market our new hair dye solutions!	You've got to be kitten me.
I doubt the metro is running off his circuit ...	LOL!  newlinechar  newlinechar 'We need to power these stations and trains but need to save money! What do we do?!' newlinechar  newlinechar 'Connect to Apartment 4....we'll just steal it like internet...'
The offender's car struck OP's car.	orrrr...the OP's car struck the other  dudes's car.
There there *hug*  newlinechar  newlinechar You can make it rain World Series rings and make yourself feel better :D	Ooh its raining World Series rings?  Maybe Seattle can pick a few up!
[&gt;that glorious feel of squishing it down the drain with your toes and watching the harder chunks get slowly washed away like a melting brown icecube.](http://i.imgur.com/JS6ZC.gif)	The ol' wafflestomp.
Recos are looking a little sparse. 	Sorry =/  I'm shooting for two in june... Been busy. Haven't even participated in pop quiz :(
That works? This changes everything	New plan.  newlinechar 
Don't be alone though.	I'm sure once one critique is given someone else will help.
&gt; You're a atheist aren't you? newlinechar  newlinechar Pretty sure his flair says 'Emergent,' and if memory serves he's actually transitioning from agnosticism to christianity.	I'm pretty sure he's this same JW troll who kept claiming that when I was an agnostic I had a secret agenda to de-convert Christians with my posts asking questions about God. 
*MAAAAAAAN*	Happy birthday to the ground!
I... I have a confession to make. newlinechar  newlinechar I ate some pizza the other night. newlinechar  newlinechar It was delicious. :(	I don't even know you anymore.
10 inches = 25.4 centimeters newlinechar  newlinechar I'm not a bot, but I have sex like one.	noisily and repetitively?
Or the woman that hit a man and left stuck in her windshield for 2 or 3 days before he died. [Link](http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,47361,00.html)	This is by far one of the most twisted things I've ever seen.  What the fuck does not even begin to describe it.
No, it's supposed to show you that your anger at the '1 percent' in the US for denying you opportunities is pretty hysterical when you're the '1 percent' to a billion starving, malnourished, sick kids. Sorry that your college costs too much, though. Must be tough.	Wait so you mean capitalism has failed abysmally to aid starving, sick kids. Funny you should bring it up, but I agree.
Those 7.3s are amazing engines. 	They are, and the performance world for them has grown exponentially since I bought it five years ago. I love talking about trucks too and hope threads like these keep being started.
So happy to see pics of Ithaca on EarthPorn. I just graduated from Cornell last weekend and I'm going to miss this place...	You could always join us over at r/ithaca - we're still a tiny subreddit.
You forgot some lines.	well she might be drunk
I've been on the fence, but I finally decided to pitch in and get one of those remaining vinyl copies. Really hope you dudes meet your goal in time.	thank you! definitely leave us a comment or send a PM so we can mark you down as a redditor
My theory is that the thumbnails are red herrings, and the sounds at the end of the video are what are relevant.	I don't think so.  I think I've just figured out the target and the goal of the prank, but not yet the means.  Regardless, the thumbnails fit. newlinechar  newlinechar Of course I am probably completely wrong.
I'd also like to ban the hate train that follows you around.	Trapped_in_Reddit is a victim. we ought to be fawning over him, telling him to feel better and that he is so important to us, and striking down anyone who dares interrupt the glory that is Trapped_in_Reddit.
Not as bad as Houston.	I had never driven in Houston until about 2 years ago and assumed this was always hyperbole... newlinechar  newlinechar Nope. Houstonians are fucking insane drivers.
Yeah that's not included in 'majority.'	Sorry, i meant it to support your argument.  Just realized it would work both ways.  But yeah, I really like a lot of the looks as well.  His is the only one that's a 'joke' cosmetic.
I think I just invented the banana daiquiri a couple of centuries early.	I approve of this thread.
how would you go about in making the incision? That's the only thing I'm puzzled at	You can use a pin, a sharp pair of scissors or a steak knife, just be careful not to stab yourself since the can is rounded metal and will probably slip.
Step yur comments up I slept with ur mom noob	Right after I raped u lololol fucken faggot
Why doncha guys leave the state of Florida sometime. See the world. Get some air.	You know, I fucking hate the Gators.. but I feel like I have to point out the obvious here. newlinechar  newlinechar http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2007_BCS_National_Championship_Game newlinechar  newlinechar Stadium: University of Phoenix Stadium newlinechar  newlinechar Location: Glendale, Arizona newlinechar  newlinechar Looks like they left the state that year.
.... after you'd seen the pope singlehandedly bring down a Chinese destroyer with his prayer. I never really understood why people were such skeptics considering the amount of evidence before them that Neo was supernatural	Exactly. A lot of the comparisons being drawn kind of forget that Neo has already accomplished some pretty crazy stuff.
If you saw the back end you'd say thats a nice car bolted on those slicks. Damn rears are super wide	they'd have to be. It looks like one of those cars that can do 60-100 faster than it can do 0-60. i love that kind of insane performance machine.
25 times	Amateurs.
Not sure if trolling or just never gotten over 50 rings in a sonic level.	Yes. newlinechar    newlinechar (Inside joke; it implies both him trolling _AND_ never getting over 50 rings :3)
I don't know because I don't know any WNBA teams	the one who won.
I've never even thought about their genitals before. It just never occurred to me to ponder the nature of them.	That is a good idea.
###I don't understand the reference.  Reddit, should I commit suicide?	[*Le series:*](/spoderman) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LM8vHH-9vsE where we got [*Spoderman,*](/spoderman) [*Morky,*](/morky) AND [*Darth Prudo*](/dartpulto) newlinechar  newlinechar [*Le specific vid (but still watch it in order):*](/dartpulto) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KU63EGQ_Oos newlinechar  newlinechar I love that shit.  newlinechar  newlinechar 
I'll be honest, I was half expecting you to die to baron at the end...	scumbag blitz not getting close enough to tank
Does Steam/Valve have a support email you can contact? They're generally quite nice and may extend the savings to you by putting the difference in your Steam Wallet if you explain your situation.	I could only hope i'm going to check that out
A dead one?	A fapologist? I have so many questions for you!
Actually... That's where I got the name, my pet snake! Hooray, he was adorable.	WAS ;_;
can you explain what the tea bag is for? newlinechar  newlinechar the bottle was really creative marketing. ive seen those in my lbs	&gt;can you explain what the tea bag is for? newlinechar  newlinechar It is hard to make tea on the go without one. 
[I gave it a shot](http://imgur.com/BAM2B)  not sure what I think. Yours definitely turned out better. ;)	Wow! It looks like you used the exact same colors!! I like it!
It took a couple of readthroughs, but my guess is that tacojohn420 is lamenting the misuse of Diamond Dallas Page's WWE run, and is probably very high.	Maybe he's on an iPad and his autocorrect is crazy? And he's probably very high.
Well, thanks for the heads up! Looks like I'll be calling in sick for a few. 	sure thing. good luck. i hope its nothing major.
Yeah. I can zone while stoned. Listen to music, cook dinner, do dishes. Then suddenly realize the place is clean and I got food.	I'm no artist either so I too stand in utter amazement the next morning examining my clean apartment and a freshly baked cake. :-)
Overconfident probably?  	All the stuff looks new, would suck when he comes back and it is missing. Or it could be just a person taking a picture of their own stuff.
Thank you. So, how awesome of a party is a flamingo party? 	Pretty. Fucking. Awesome.
I played Russian Roulette with that image. newlinechar  newlinechar I won. Thank you sir, for not being 'that guy'	Reddit* Roulette
They are not separate enough though.	Too true...
Good! I'm making a meat dragon and not just any meat will do.	Caaaaaarl!
His name is Robert Paulson. newlinechar 	His name is Robert Paulson.
Salve, discipule. Ego botulos amo!	I think Latin needs to be brought back.
Use google. 	Touch...
a couple years ago some kid fainted, they accused him of cheating so he could have more time to spell the word.	Diving !?! newlinechar  newlinechar Christ ! It *is* just like soccer. 
I saw this and proceeded to upvote the whole chain. Cheers!	You ever have those moments where you laugh to yourself and say 'Oh, I love Reddit' in your head? Well, this was one of those moments.
Thanks for playing.	I took me a lot of time to develop that game and it was getting no love. I knew you fellow Redditors would like it! It means a lot.
Completely for anti homosexual bigoted reasons.  	*So brave*.
Many thanks, TheCats_PJs!! Cool name btw	Fuck you, toking skeleton
That's how I got my username lol	I agree
I must reply. I once had an old construction worker tell me, 'You'd think less teeth is a good thing, but the gums get hard as hell.' Fantasy Over.	I just said 'Eww' out load. Thank you for killing my boner.
No, she sleeps with match.com finds and then cries because they email her months later to tell her she's too fat.	Dang dude, that's too real for this thread.
I understands your point but that still doesn't warrant a haymaker elbow from MWP.	I never said it warranted it...just that I can understand how a person like Metta could be pushed to it.
I know it's trivial, but it made me a little less sad that a lot of my favorite characters are dead. 	it makes his legacy even greater. newlinechar 
ROFL newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks, but I think the other ponies might find that a bit TOO 'unique.' newlinechar  newlinechar ...Somehow, I feel like I'm missing a reference here.	[](/sbstare) Just tack Glitter or Sparkle onto the name somewhere and we'll call it a day.
How tall are you?	5'1'
Until they show me the paper, you're well-justified in doing so. That's science.	I really wish I had the opportunity to say: 'Scientifically speaking, you are full of shit,' more often.
I don't know who exactly, but I figure I'll start with cjc93, abcd1001, inowhatimtalkingabout,  and you, motionmufin - elevate my chances a little newlinechar edit:  list has increased.  chris_p, hope you've had a fulfilling life, you've made it onto my list. 	This has more upvotes on reddit than 'likes' on its own website
That acting, newlinechar  newlinechar oh god.	Oh man.
They changed the start-up sound so that it starts to play when she turns on the computer	Oh ok. That makes sense, but wouldn't it stop when she closed it though?
What is the point of that?	If you're on a nice streak and about to die, pull out your EOD bot and you'll be teleported back to the base.
Haha well Perhaps I should have said 'this is why I have a golden.' he would have been derp happy to help.	Golden retriever or lab?
Wow. A simple 'no' would have sufficed.	Lol - very true. As I said - some days the skin is thick - and for those days I'm grateful.
I think it's this http://www.jonathanokeeffe.com/strava/map.php newlinechar  newlinechar found in /r/Strava 	awesome!
wow that is a great song, thanks for showing me	I pop a boner at that breakdown every time. And that album has the most elegant use of pig squeals I've ever heard.
You misspelled Tennessee. 	I'm sure everyone thinks their state has the worst drivers.
Classic	Give me back my Vintage Gunboats, asshole!
I'm looking forward to hearing you. Could I have a sample soon? newlinechar Pm me :) newlinechar 	Yes, of course =D
[Welcome aboard.](http://i.imgur.com/AHUL9.png) newlinechar  newlinechar [Read up.](http://www.reddit.com/r/cripplingalcoholism/comments/ud80h/listen_up_fuckbags)	I find the reason of these links Honor.  (Also the ability to read.)
Don't think I have much. I have some Xbox time and some TF2 items but that's about it 	I was thinking a steam game :P
Civil War, World War Hulk, Secret Invasion, Siege, Fear Itself.	^ This, also before the Civil war (only if your interested) You can read Secret Wards (which I love), infinity gauntlet (another good read), House of M, Avengers Disassembled, and maybe Planet hulk if your feeling bored lol. And if you want start getting issues of AvX. 
I sing opera.....	Pm me sample :D newlinechar 
I don't think so.  I think I've just figured out the target and the goal of the prank, but not yet the means.  Regardless, the thumbnails fit. newlinechar  newlinechar Of course I am probably completely wrong.	Care to share?
I recently got into minecraft and many a shit pants were had	FUCK THE SKELETONS MAN! FUCKING CAVERNS
can we get a pussy	Yeah, next album!
Thats not true, I see stoner threads on /b/ all the time.	He's talking about his family.
Sorry =/  I'm shooting for two in june... Been busy. Haven't even participated in pop quiz :(	No problem in my eyes, just an observation, I always look forward to recommendations. Now I look forward to two more in June! 
Duh, otherwise it's gay.	No, the entire cock can touch but when balls get involved THEN it's gay. Trust me, I'm an expert.
he was on bath salts. which are apparently like lsd but that isnt true. Anyone who has tried both has told me they're completely different newlinechar 	He was on both, I watched a few videos and they said that the combination totally fucked him up in the head (obviously), but he was on both, not just bath salts
Usually when this happens to me, I just think about the fact that if I were to zoom in even further, I would just see nuclei and electrons.  Then it's all good again because everything, no matter how gross, is awesome at the atomic/subatomic level.	Life is funny.. zooming in on, say, a tit, the magnification reaction is something like 'mmm .. hm.. huh .. bleh!! .. creatures! .. interesting .. wow .. .cosmos.'
As a Jewish girl, I approve this message.	Is it written on the underside or what?
I've had some experiences where I find myself relying of stereotypes to understand and connect with people, then facepalming afterwards so I know how you feel. I think that everyone has that in them though, so its better that you acknowledge it then to deny it.	I really wish I wasn't racist. I catch myself thinking really bad shit and I have to tell myself 'dude, what the fuck?'
four friends plus me equals five	I might have been a little too high reading that. I don't have a problem.
I was waiting for someone to mention this 1 :D I feel it had an amazing story. I gotta play it again.	I never owned it, always rented it. I could never find a copy for sale
while I have no doubt it uses a bunch of  extremely complex and impressive algorithms, I completely agree with you,	It's an algorithm called Optical Flow. It's neat, but it struggles a lot if the camera is moving. It's better when the camera and background is unmoving, and only the subject is flying through the shot.
But they keep changing...	Rule change #365.4 section 3,B: Commentators will not be required to know the rules. *The rules have changed*.
I'd do the same. This guy have more dignity doing that than an asshole who steal money in order to buy blings and dope.	Or Caramel Lattes
you should make it more obvious next time.	...i...didn't...make it, just calling you out for being too uptight for /r/trees bro. relax
Soraka hasn't got any new skins because she's being remodeled.	Thank god for that. She's had a broken wrist for a while now.
I don't see them allowing the Reserve Shooter for the pyro, only because of the ground stalling problem newlinechar 	They are saying they are allowing the RS and ground stalling. Both are legal for now.
Just imagine someone bumping into their arm. newlinechar  newlinechar *Can't stop the cringe*	*hides in corner*
yes	You should be mad at yourself for taking yourself so seriously. 
No place better than my own back patio	So invite me over already. ;)
Patiently waiting.	I'll wait with you. Nothing worse than waiting alone.
Looks like the old 'next goal wins' rule. 	You mean golden goal. 
Are you god?	It's one question per customer
Thanks, but I think I will be fine. A lot of people are giving critiques now. 	Its so awesome to see the sub almost completely self sustaining. 
Just for you, I shall venture into the deep, dark, dank dungeons of the internet. newlinechar  newlinechar [](/twicrazy 'Incognito mode engaged!')	My biggest fear right now is that one of the links that you post up will already be purple.
Nah, he can go to Gunners for all i care. Besides, he just got injured. Would i buy him just to further the arselol's pain? DEFINITELY	He got injured which means he's absolutely perfect for Arsenal
BAD AS MOTHA FUCKA	Thank you all :)
Not sure if it feels good knowing he's playing for the team that beat him now or not.	It feels so good.
8-9 hrs a day on ebay and stuff isn't a part time job. 	It is for me!
In that case, my dog keeps digging up my sprinklers. Is there any operation to make him less stupid?	I wish! Mine chases his tail ALL the time, and yelps when he catches it. 
Spectacular response. I had to look it up, but it is indeed exactly what I'm talking about. newlinechar  newlinechar To save others some time: http://en.memory-alpha.org/wiki/Tamarian_language	That's how I feel amongst groups of Simpsons or Futurama nerds.
This is at least the fifth time I've seen someone ask you this question.... this week.	I thought it was my lack of sleep making me see things, but he even has approximately the exact same responses too.
There... is..... another.... blinky.... user.... newlinechar *dies* newlinechar  newlinechar Does that make me the master then?	Not sure if making Dr. Who reference....
:O read my IAMA, I do the same thing!	Coolio!
Illusions.	[I've made a huge mistake.](http://i.imgur.com/LCOFL.gif)
Why don't we just do it for them, for free?	Why can't we do both :D
Never heard them, but I'm liking it already, you just want someone else to take control while you relax in the 'backseat'.	Exactly. It's the story of someone learning to retake control of their life after someone close to them dies. It's a beautiful song, from a beautiful album.
And Roseart. Fuck that noise.	Fucking Roseart crayons were the worst. You could get better results coloring with candles.
Checked the package again. I done goofed up good, apparently; the nutrition info is for 13 shrimp PLUS 4 tsp of the cocktail sauce that is packaged along with the shrimp. I didn't see this little tidbit. This is fantastic. I feel fantastic about this. Thanks so much.	We all have carb-panic moments, it's ok.
That episode has another one of my favorite moments, when George is frantically yelling over the phone to Jerry, and Jerry just responds 'Who is this?'	'**JERRYYYYYY!!!**'
Any concerns about letting Limbo in despite the fact that it's just the Windows game + Wine? That sounds like a really dangerous precedent to me.	How is it dangerous? There's nothing wrong with WINE.
Posted from the toilet, huh	Actually.. Yes.. It wasn't pretty.. 
Oh wow thanks! I didn't know there was a subreddit for this!	Happy to help.  :)
Cool, I prefer double tap 165 gold dots for my glock 20.	I'll have to test some of that once I get around to replacing the recoil spring. It's not wanting to return to battery lately on the hot loads.
There's no way you're gonna have 'the body of a weight lifter' in 5 months. Lift weights, and you'll love the results. SS is about 10 bucks on amazon kindle, I got the PC app and it works great.	OK.  [I'm going to buy this, yeah?](http://www.amazon.com/Starting-Strength-3rd-Mark-Rippetoe/dp/0982522738) newlinechar  newlinechar I've signed up for 24 Hour Fitness.  Anyone near Santa Clara, CA?  I wouldn't mind meeting someone at the 24 Hour Fitness on Lawrence Expressway, to get some ideas.
Need a hug bro? 	(tears) I'd love one man/woman.
I'm not sure you're understanding what you're reading. 	he is not and I would be interested in where he got that from.
Down voted because you ruined the game I meant to finish for the past month!	Shit, my bad man. I fixed it for others but still hehe sorry. Did I just spoil Skyrim?
Thanks! So far there are a few answers that I'm a tiny bit surprised  by, but there isn't much data yet. I'll be happy to post the results.	I'm also interested in the results :) newlinechar  newlinechar Don't worry about the counts right now, it's only been out an hour. Check it sometime tomorrow, I'm sure there'll be plenty!
snoop_*dagg*. I'm snoop dogg's white, nerdy cousin.	permission to cabbage patch?
try giving it a few more listens... I love that album. A lot of people give him crap for it but he is doing something different which I love. I love seeing my favorite artist grow and do different things.	I mean I like a couple songs but idk it's just not what I was looking for 
Not exactly, report cards that are filled with NHI/INC 's (in place of zeros) generally are treated as 'unable to assess' and don't reflect a change either way.  But, I think you are fairly close to the mark with the last bit.	Yes but if the students would be getting 0% or low percentages, they bring the average down.  If they are not assessed and receive a 'null' they don't count towards the average. (e.g. average of 0%, 90%, 90% is 60%; average of null, 90%, 90% is 90%.) 
I'll save mine for Ramparts, meself	Woody Harrelson approves
Once something awesome goes on for half an hour of the movie, it isn't awesome anymore.	When you're 14 years old and see it in the movie theatre, it's the best thing ever. Not so great on the small screen, but definitely one of the most exciting moments of my childhood movie-going experience. 
the jockey ship in this is not the same one that is in alien. Awesome movie, its just left so many questions to answer!	Yeh it's almost definitely a different ship, I liked the primitive Xenomorph too. 
Single player games without connecting to the internet?  What do you think this is, 1972?	I know, it's absurd.  Imagine how much better pong would have been if you had to login to play it. newlinechar 
What are your views on adoption?	When this comment appeared in my messages, I was so confused and wasn't sure if you were trolling somehow.... newlinechar  newlinechar Sure, I'll adopt you, if you dont mind sleeping on a cat bed.
WE COULD PROBABLY CRUSH BEAVERTON HIGHSCOOL'S SOCCER TEAM	SAVE A TREE, KILL A BEAV...WAIT WHAT?
On the right column, under where it says 'baseball' and you see your user name and '(edit&lt;-- Click here to select a team logo)' click there. Then select your favorite logo on the list. On the other front, don't give up hope yet, the O's are still in 1st.	Thanks! The Rays have a killer lefty duo in Moore and Price so they may steal it but we do have 2 wildcards this year (or is that next year)! I just want an end to the losing season streak!
dat sacrifice cooldown...	Dat Sacrifice killing blow that sent the Barbarian flying across the map 
You've done the right thing, using the venue (FB) available to you. There's nothing to feel guilty about.  newlinechar  newlinechar Your friendship with Dan is toast, but it was burnt anyway, and burnt toast isn't anything you should be keeping.	I agree. I believe his actions are a good reflection of his personality, and I don't like to surround myself around people who treat people who love and care about them so badly.
maryland isn't too close to plymouth, michigan though	Could have been a college/university sports trip, who knows
Who the fuck cares what the founding fathers envisioned? They probably would have had no problem with everyone owning slaves: doesn't mean we have to adhere to that standard of morals.	^ Also works for WWJD.
I thought it was due to the depletion of glycogen stores? Glycogen causes water retention, and carbs are stored as glycogen. is that not correct?	you are both correct, but most of the water loss is due to glycogen loss. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar remember that most low carb diets are not ketogenic.
Yeah, you put some tofu and sliced leek in there and it's awwright.	Mhmmmm, cheap, and simple to make (I make kimchee twice a month, and this is where all my super ripe stuff goes!)
The other comments in this thread made me feel less manly.  This comment is so relieving to hear (Asian male here).	They're silly. Masculinity has nothing to do with the number of hair follicles on your body. :)
You're awful mad at someone just trying to do their job.	I had no problem with that. It was the fact that we were 8 years old and she treated us like we were paid actors on the set of Star Wars. 
Right. Back away from the fucking book, Darr. This can't end well.	Hey!  Just a question. . . Not like I was REALLy going to 'throw the book at them' &gt;:) newlinechar  newlinechar Well. . . unless it's negotiated.
Air cooled engines. newlinechar  newlinechar Without air blowing over the engine, you'd overheat pretty quickly in any motorcycle.  Just don't try to split lanes in your VW.	I like that idea, but, again, that isn't an issue unique to California. 
Or family reunion.	Or Tuesday morning. Oh wait...
I'll take that as a vote for mutiny. 	YOU BETTER BELIEVE THAT'S A VOTE FOR MUTINY.
/r/homestuckcirclejerk	Maybe he's actually serious? newlinechar  newlinechar (I won't call him 'ironic'. He doesn't merit it.)
moodily browsing reddit looking for sad threads to relate to and whine on.	Why so sad cumdumpling?
It happens bro. Anything that actually makes sense on here is downvoted, while anything that is blindly praising the game is upvoted.	You're kidding?  I've seen many criticisms of the game upvoted and pleas to at least give it a chance before judging new content downvoted to oblivion.  
Of course. Inevitable. Reddit tripping over itself to get nudes. Fuck all of you.	'pm me please!'
Dude way off topic, but I just realized who you are. I love your blog. Have several of the cheat sheets on the wall of my office. Thanks.	Do share. Which blog? Where blog? Am always looking for places where I cam learn.
The one I posted has it.  It's a few minutes in	do you know what game he was playing?
The primitivist, on the other hand, has a rather substantial historical basis to back up his 'property norms,' while the voluntaryist has only an epistemological one.	Can you elaborate?
You can see this in Toronto, too, with the [old stock exchange](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Toronto_Stock_Exchange.jpg). I think it's a pretty good way of preserving the old building while still allowing for urban 'densification'.	Looks nice
Can't you guys come up with a single new joke?  Ever?	OP is a fag.
So. Apply anyway. The object of the application process is to land an interview. No one is going to laugh in your face for applying to a job you're 'technically' not qualified for. 	Came in here to say this.  If you can stand out and make a good impression as someone who would do the job well, they won't care about your experience or lack thereof.
What happens when a species evolves?	Randomly selected other creature takes it's place
Hey, I appreciate you taking the time to write out these long responses. They were really insightful!	You're welcome. It's somewhat of a passion of mine (obviously) and knowledge is the best weapon for fighting pet overpopulation!
I bet the voice over for 'Error' would sound just as corny as the overpronounced 'Terror'	I pictured his personal 'Realm of Terror' theme park, complete with a water slide and a kid's pool. Laughed my ass off the first time I heard it.
I think it's that this is not necessarily a zombie situation, but quite possibly a contagious neurovirus capable of making us crazy as hell. Because it seems like a lot of people are biting each other and tearing into each other, literally. Ever seen Pontypool?	im a little worried, i hope its not in a food we are all eating. newlinechar 
Nothin', but as a human I don't need to be the ideal in order to judge others against it.	Fair enough. I disagree with your opinion but you are most certainly entitled to it. Let me leave  [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGufQk9QOdM) in an effort at changing your mind about John Lennon's musical abilities.
for the past two weeks i've had because i got high stuck in my head. won't come out. thanks for extending that time. ima go get high now	Just sing 'By Mennen.' It'll end practically any repeating song. :)
http://i.imgur.com/kmQeK.gif	I'll never not upvote this.
Or, you have internet phone, and your connection slowed when you received the call, and sped up again when you hung up. newlinechar  newlinechar Logic'd.	Pff, logic. Who needs it. Magic. That's what it is. You have a magical phone.
No, unfortunately the economic crash in 2008 impacted quite a few projects, and that was one of them.  Hopefully sometime in the future it will be possible. I think it would make a great graphic novel!	Augh, that is really too bad. I agree, the writing is so visual it would be awesome to see the story unfold in images.
Get active when you smoke instead of potato couching it. If I have nothing to do besides getting/being high I will eventually unhinge my jaw and swallow my fridge whole. 	Any time I take ONE bite of anything to stop the munchies, I just end up turning my kitchen into Golden Corral. It really is just self-control.
I love people like you who think people like that sick fuck can be changed. 	It's just a lot easier to kill them and forget what made them the way they are right? 
What'd he look like?	Jus' funny lookin' in a general way.
How many hours is that from now? I'm in aus so that's usually the easiest way to go about setting up a time	About seventeen.
It depends, is it an open or closed party? Most frats have a in house jungle juice that may as well be crystal light powder and vodka.	FratTip: We put a like 8 handles in and a few containers of Instant Kool-Aid and fill up the keg 1/2 with water, then roll it around on the ground to mix it all.
No sir. Just work midtown and like to eat. 	Gotcha. I was just wondering since I always see you posting on here. You are the single reason I am as informed about the city as I am.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I remember it from The Little Rascals movie.	Sorry, I thought you were doing a word play on Jaeswift - I need a dollar. It's still blown up though! :P
Mow friends' parents lawns.  newlinechar  newlinechar Get them to buy you game time codes online. newlinechar  newlinechar Play Eve.	Clearly, he's not playing enough eve
What was it?	http://i.imgur.com/ShZFo.jpg
Haha, you said bud...	Uptokes because that made me laugh
He literally just set playoff career blocks record. o.o	Hard to not like the Spurs, even when they are beating us. I was rooting for Duncan when he was under Robinson's wing.
You are literally asking for people to hate you with that username.	Oh? Why?
I know I did at first, but did anybody else get so caught up in the disc designs and not realize that it spells out 'PROM'?	yeah, my reaction was 'isn't prom earlier in the spring??'
Do not feel ashamed. I'm in the same boat as you, I fucking love this show. Beyond the four unbelievably cute girls the show's actually genuinely funny.	Im 17 but I feel the same way.
'Yo s espaol' or 'Yo s hablar espaol'. The second one sounds better than the first. newlinechar Conocer is usually reserved for people or places you know personally, not something like a language. newlinechar Hope this helps! newlinechar Also, 'Gracias por la ayuda', not 'para'	Ah, thanks on both counts. I appreciate it. :)
And that my friend is why I hide the manga... newlinechar  newlinechar (Plain manga, SFW, still...)	Wow, your parents suck.
Why Mondays and Thursdays specifically?	Particularly because Muhammad sometimes fasted on those days.
clearly that is a European plate, take a second look you'll see it. 	Are you implying that all Europeans embed their license plates into the doors of other cars (ostensibly due to their terrible driving)? That's a pretty bold generalization there...
In my little world, OpenJDK is already the new standard.	/open
Haven't you heard? Colleges are doing whatever they can to court 'celebrities,' which in turn attracts more students.	sounds like great marketing to me.
I bought the song right? Im playing it for myself not people at the public event if they happen to hear it i cant do anything about it sorry. so stfu and quit invading my privacy. newlinechar  newlinechar You should tell them that. 	&gt;public event newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;invading my privacy newlinechar  newlinechar do you not see something wrong here?
They don't have to always paint skeptics in a bad light and exalt the concept of faith to move a story along, however.	They did the ol' 'question nothing' switcheroo. Mulder was supposed to be the 'skeptic' for questioning orthodoxy, while Scully was the status-quo. They just ignored rationality in the process, which is the problem, and ends up supporting fantastic beliefs.
Just ask anyone where they think potatoes came from!   newlinechar  newlinechar Sure wasn't Ireland.	My personal favorite is Bananas, the ultimate in 'Intelligent Design'. Well, for us.  newlinechar  newlinechar Namely that we took what essentially was an inedible tree potato and turned it into a goddamn delicious hand fruit.
That's some sound advice. 	Nice try pool salesmen. 
Tell her you have a boat, because of *the implications.* newlinechar 	Okay you had me goin' there for the first half. The second half kinda threw me.
She was really pretty so she didn't care who freaked out, another d bag would just come along and take his place but the nice guys would laugh about it later	There's better ways to find the nice guys, that doesn't involve risking an STD.
jinro would win more games if he stopped playing macro with bad macro builds and committed to more cheeses, timing attacks and all ins. newlinechar 	Agreed, he's got some pretty funky micro sometimes, which shines more in cheese/all ins.
You said you've been doing it for a year, right? Cause the shows have been out for way more than a year...	'Professionally' for a year, I say that because that's when I started WickedFinds and registered it as a busniess, and that's when I started the dedicated Ebay page. I've been buying and selling stuff in my spare time for a while, but not to the quantity that I do now.
thanks for the advice! and thanks for the vote of confidence as well	Anytime my friend. 
Wow, the locking mechanism is kind of, you know, the biggest selling point of the whole thing.  How did you even find about them without being told about the lock?	It was a gift, and I was young and junked the box before looking at the instructions.  Also?  I'm kinda dumb. newlinechar  newlinechar  
'I love black people'	We set him straight
Look at my pic with Felicia Day. NO HOVERHAND! SUCCESS!!! lol http://i.imgur.com/ZzQPU.jpg	Your arm looks airbrushed haha, random observation.
Trapped_in_Reddit is a victim. we ought to be fawning over him, telling him to feel better and that he is so important to us, and striking down anyone who dares interrupt the glory that is Trapped_in_Reddit.	I'm not saying TiR is a victim, I'm saying the people who follow him around and circlejerk about how much he sucks really get on my nerves.
What Legendaries/ psuedo legendaries do you have?  That is what I am looking for most.  That or things exclusive to Pearl.	All the pseudos (bagon, outrage gible, dd larvitar, beldum, extremespeed dratini)  newlinechar  newlinechar Not too keen on giving away legends, got an uxie if you've got something to trade for it
Really? I think fedoras are fucking sexy.	Yeah, back in the 50s where people wore suits or trenchcoats with them. Now, they're essentially douche beacons with these people wearing them with t-shirts, skinny jeans and all that stuff. It doesn't look good at all unless the fedora is paired with said suit or trenchcoat.
I sure don't. Bunch of kids. But I'm also religious, so nah. I like being a mod on this reddit. Nice and civil. 	As long as your religion isn't a major one, specifically Christianity, you'll probably be okay on r/atheism. newlinechar  newlinechar That SR isn't so much atheistic as it is anti-Christian.
Bicker, bicker, bicker, bicker. newlinechar  newlinechar It's been a long day, I actually found myself arguing with TheLeaderIsGood :S	shit getting real in xxfitness these days
Almost all of them.	Agreed, music comes in albums for a reason.
Qbank is superb for level 1 but for Levels 2 and 3 you really gotta do the hardest ones, aka the item sets.  I would suggest doing 3 full practice exams and recognizing where you need work with 1-2 weeks to spare before exam day	Too late for that!
That's another good question. I don't remember his reaction to the Red Wedding or if there was one.  newlinechar  newlinechar Or are you asking if he had a hand in planning the RW? 	I'm asking the later, but I'm curious about the former.
That statue... 	called Pocong newlinechar  newlinechar http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pocong newlinechar  newlinechar commonly found in Indonesia/ Malaysia, mostly used by Moslems
You're also everywhere.	Obviously, he's BoredValet
I don't know. Back in the day, she was locked up in a state prison. But this is the kind of thing that vanishes from media quickly, so the whereabouts are unknown.	Dead.
oohhhh. that's why i feel a million times faster on naut after i get boots, i know it's the same change as other champions but it feels like it makes so much of a difference with naut, same with cho.	What I'd like now is for Riot to go back and start tweaking older champions, adding lines and animations here and there, kind of like these two. Like Wukong's cloud of resting. He should lounge like that every time he goes back or something.
Either a costume concept or a different playable character	Glad you like it! Do you need me to send you any specific format for this or anything like that?
&gt; [Gaaaaaaaaaaay](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wXw6znXPfy4) newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY	This is the one I was actually hoping for.  newlinechar  newlinechar SO many uses...
...i...didn't...make it, just calling you out for being too uptight for /r/trees bro. relax	I just smoked, so now I'm more relaxed.  Sometimes I get too intense for my own good.  Take an upvote.
No, the entire cock can touch but when balls get involved THEN it's gay. Trust me, I'm an expert.	On balls touching or not touching? newlinechar  newlinechar Because if it's the first, then dude, that's totally GAY.
Oh, sweet mother, it's better than I ever imagined.	I know! I was really excited about it coming out this month. Blue balls to the max.
I don't.	So what brings you to /r/zombies anyway? I have a hard time imagining that.
Belmont &amp; Girard, I don't think too many Penn students are in that area.	That's not the correct zip code; Google Maps will point you to 1230 North 45th street if you copy/paste the address directly, because it wants to find something in 19104. 1230 South 45th is in 19143.
she still has her... umm.... hoof things. ya know the hooves with the holes in em :/	.i know, but her face is either distorted or anthro. 
gotta go to H2	The MTV 2 of the modern age.
Everything's a size or two too big. There's a big gap between the shirt collar and the suit lapel. The shoulder seams are way far out. I'm sorry man, it's pretty bad. Also, top button done up, never bottom.	Gotcha.
No time for love Dr.Jones! 	Dr. Jones! NO MORE PARACHUTES!!
The swinging gondolas freak me out. Something about being high and not strapped in. I can go on every rollercoaster, drop tower, whatever, but a swinging cage? NO WAY.	Yeah, they're not for the faint of heart. I have a lot of trouble convincing any of my friends to go on with me.
I choose Elven-Pig woman as my character.	So, an Orc?
Weak. newlinechar  newlinechar *I'm gonna cross your DMZ and make you cry Kim-Jong Un.* newlinechar  newlinechar and for the true connoisseurs of racism *Be my Nan-queen* 	You really bang'd her right in the ki-moon, amirite?
It was actually a really touching photo of a bunch of chimps mourning the death of one of their family. 	Oh ok I was concerned it was some r/wtf splatter thing.
Well sir, take a seat.	*takes seat newlinechar  newlinechar How much fapping is too much?
Amateurs.	*Very* relevant username.
Rodgers offended me more. Refused to move to Chelsea as it would ruin his career, instead moved to Liverpool. newlinechar  newlinechar Reject FA cup and CL winners. Move to perennially overhyped team	He wants to work at a club for more then a fortnight. 
Before he even says it himself  newlinechar 'But she was consenting before she passed out!' newlinechar Consent is a conscious choice, when they lose consciousness, their consent is lost too. newlinechar She could legitimately accuse you of rape. 	Quite frankly if she's on the verge of passing out it's rape anyway.
I pop a boner at that breakdown every time. And that album has the most elegant use of pig squeals I've ever heard.	yes, my lady boner agrees, lol 'pig squeals' 
Would you agree that a stateless society is very likely to be more free than one with a state?	I wouldn't agree with that, no.
Should've worn a condom hahahaha newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar *that was inappropriate, I'm sorry*	It's okay it was pretty funny. 
they'd have to be. It looks like one of those cars that can do 60-100 faster than it can do 0-60. i love that kind of insane performance machine.	I know I was just thinking the 0-60 must suck just do to the turbo lag lol. 
What language you learning? I think it's probably one of the best bits of language learning software I've used. I usually give up on most pretty quickly as they're boring. This is almost 'social language learning', having friends who learn as well and you can kind of compete.	I'm learning Spanish. I had some background in it anyway, and Duolingo really helped me take it to the next level. 
i feel like it was something about a tumor	It was. One on a woman's ovary that had teeth
So she thinks it's drugs or a voodoo curse? newlinechar  newlinechar I'm going to say drugs	Same... still, he didn't seem like the kind of guy to use bathsalts (or any other hard drug for that matter).
They are, and the performance world for them has grown exponentially since I bought it five years ago. I love talking about trucks too and hope threads like these keep being started.	Me too! I love the other vehicle subreddits, but there's no love for trucks in them. 
2 to 3 inches is a clit. 	Idk what clits you've been seeing lately...
luv u2 bbz	&lt;3
Nice socks.	I got them at Macy's
It's not even taboo for Americans, except perhaps for a few thousand hardliner Cuban exiles in South Florida.	It's illegal for Americans to visit Cuba for the purposes of tourism, so actually, it's very much taboo.
[This is the first thing I though of.](http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=1667605413427828064)	TIL google video still exists.
[Hi there](http://polyraspad.deviantart.com/art/Mortred-V2-181354169).	All i mean is, she is a dot to enemies. But nice pic. :)
I heard they removed the sharpshooters from the free rotation, but I guess not. Now I can test my TF2 Sniper hat on him and see what he's like! (and hopefully this update doesn't bring any more aimbots)	The general consensus is that since now that Uber has a report function, they can put Sharpshooters back on the rotation and players can just report aimbotters if they crop up.
I think that Disney has a better overall presentation, but Universal probably has better individual rides.  Neither place can touch Cedar Point on roller coasters.  That place ruins everything else. 	Oh you're just gonna go for the grand poobah like that? Just gonna throw out Cedar Point? That's like saying 'Tofu and rice are okay but neither hold a candle to bacon.'
I don't do the Svunt shake, I do the one just above it. Either way, I use chocolate. It mixes really well with the peanut butter and nutella. Tasty. 	I just drank the Svunt one. It has 1600 calories, which is really good, but its really heavy. Half way through drinking it I almost threw up, but it doesn't taste bad. I didn't have any peanut butter so it wasn't perfect.
Is it written on the underside or what?	not sure if you actually missed the joke, but just in case: holocaust
Had a friend that went from Mechanical Engineering to Graphic Design. She got there too... Wonder how?	That's a pretty huge career shift. Hopefully it worked out for the best?
[](/ohcomeon 'WELL DO THEY?!' ) 'Do these looks like the hooves of... of.... *A Monster?!*'	You mean *this* [doll](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/317/087/8f0.gif)
If you know what's good for you, you will put that on the picture and submit it to advice animals before someone else does. newlinechar  newlinechar Someone being me.	If you know what's good for you, you will let it slide and not try turning this into another meme.
Were the texts at least complimentary?	Were they? Did she use correct grammar and punctuation?
Stop SOAP.	Drop SOAP! 
Wow. What a smart boy... Lol kidding. I could see several people I know doing that lmao. 	In my opinion he should have used a diamond back, but to each his own.
Question: what's the hardest thing about imagining Louis CK with hair?	My penis?
Question, what do you mean when you say 'different religions'?	Any other religion besides christianity. Islam, Jews, buddhists, hindus etc. I have some Muslim, Jewish and Hindu friends who have told me that they've never been told that they're going to hell by any angry christians.
Hivemind meme generator active: charging new meme now... newlinechar  newlinechar Status: Will be hitting the front page within hours. 	FUCK
55 dollars?? Damn, that's rough!  I knew cigarettes were really expensive north of the border, but booze too?   	I'm telling you, it's been hard, and expensive, living here...and I've only been here fr TWO months. FML. 
You... I like you. You're funny.	I kill you last.
i have no idea what this was supposed to be	Me neither. Still upvoted.
[Book spoiler](/b 'Starks aren't winning. Starks do the exact opposite of winning.')	I am going to use every bit of willpower I have to not look at that
I don't think you're doing it right if there's blood...	That's what she said!
I feel like it breaks the balance like an elephant on a seesaw.	Well, with the enforcer nerfed, yes.
Yep.  If you burn it down, just build it back up again.  	WITH PONIES! AND ROCKET SHIPS!
I'm curious about how 52 people know what Brazzers is in the context of how it was used in that reply. He must have a lot of 'Internet' aware friends. 	Maybe he just has a lot of friends that watch porn. 
I figured it was either him, or Dominique Straus-Kahn (sp?), neither of whom had diplomatic immunity and neither of whom were actively protected by the French government. Also neither of whom were convicted of rape, so yay!	Polanski was indicted for rape among other things.  He agreed to a plea bargain but then fled the country before the plea was finalized.  So no, he was never convicted.  Because he ran away and hid.  **Not** because he was found not guilty.
[not possible in the least](http://gifs.gifbin.com/032010/reverse-1269602901_no-no-no.gif)	I...I can't wiggle my finger like that.
T: Wash your hands after touching the poop	[im tryn but i tihnk that they want to get poop onto my hans](http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/udpml/til_on_june_1_1921_the_largest_race_riot_in_us/c4ustnk?context=3)
Why didn't you tell me that a spell check was within our list of assets?!	Let me explain. No there is too much, allow me to sum up. Firefox has a spell check extension sparing you from embarrassing spelling mistakes on reddit.
That's not offensive, but god damn that is a sick joke. :S newlinechar  newlinechar Good one.	People have told me it's offensive so I figured I would share haha. Share with all your friends.
What level, and where do you live? Depends heavily on that. In my area, EMT-B's aren't hired at all, and it's difficult to get on an ALS truck as an EMT. They're moving more towards all dual Paramedic ALS trucks and Two A-EMT's on BLS trucks.	Conversely, in my area ALS ambulances are almost always staffed by one EMT-B and one EMT-P. Casinos also hire EMT-Bs as security.
May wanna check your wording on that last part.	Everyone makes mistakes, but he probably made a mistake.
That's the joke.	Yup, but its an incredibly sad joke.
or a bench!	or spend a significant amount of time in hotels because of work
Wow i remember that quote, its such an amazing moment in the book. Good luck with the tattoo, I'm sure its gong to come out amazing!	Thank you! It's exciting to hear about other people enjoying this book so much. newlinechar  newlinechar OP! Pick this book!
It was a great movie but don't watch it if you're easily disturbed, which I am when I'm that high xD	A friend of mine left his copy at my house and then moved away, told me to keep it.  newlinechar  newlinechar I thought, 'Rad! Free DVD!' and popped it in. newlinechar  newlinechar That's the one DVD on my shelf I know I will never, ever open again.
People can like gay people enough to go to a gay bar while still having shitty views about gay people.	Or simply go there for the novelty of it...
Why is everyone being so hard on this guy?	He'll doubtless face a stiff sentencing.
I didn't up toke for your creativity, *you used the oldest trick in the book*.	damn you, I was feeling witty and original until I checked the comments xD
With her mind powers?	No, he was sitting on a bench eating a crab roll and she came up to him to compliment him on a film he'd just done at the time. I guess she couldn't wait until he was finished and she startled the hell out of him.
Yes, I feel practically autistic looking back at this. I get *too* involved in whatever I'm writing. I'm gong to put this in a pastebin so I don't scare anyone off, and clear the space for others to post. http://pastebin.com/9bJuB8J1	So. Much. Fucking. Text. 
I'm not tryin to whine because they aren't in the game, I'm just feeling nostalgic for the days when I filled my stash with every rune I found.  Just because it's new game doesn't mean I can't miss what they had added the last time around :P	I agree! And i was just trying to keep the hopes up:)  newlinechar I also remember that i used to organize them in order:)
Look at his user name, he just got one upped	you don't say?
Uh, probably wasn't his route, but he was heading back to the central whatever they store busses at. Saw you lounging at a bus stop, and decided to help.	NAH MAN ITS THE MATRICKS
And then Thor comes out of Goddamn nowhere.	Honestly it actually looks like it could be a good movie. But whoever was in charge of casting made one really huge fucking mistake, choosing a block of granite with a face instead of an actor.
Why am I reminded of Who Framed Roger Rabbit?	That part used to scare me so bad!
I think I'm going Sunday morning just to pull the trigger at the local gun range. I wont have the chance to shoot anything long range for a while, but that doesnt mean I cant make 25yards look like 25inches :)	Nice!
That kills people!	Caaaaarll....
Woody Harrelson approves	But only because we're talking about his movie.
I think so as it shows that the school must be at least doing something right.	or biology is doing something right...
Ask Wisconsin.	What about it? Something about unions or right-to-work laws I suppose?
How do you kill a hundred flies? slap an Ethiopian in the face.	What's the fastest animal in the world? An Ethiopian chicken.
And it makes you trust that person all the more, right? (It does for me).	Well, I think he could tell that it wasn't something I wanted everyone to know and he respected that so I do trust him more.
just checked and still works for me. had to sit through 2minutes of a blank screen but currently watching a new family guy episode.	Maybe it's just firefox? All I know is that I can't enjoy the blank screen anymore. But they can't force me to turn the volume up, or watch. I don't give any feedback on the ads either. No free marketing statistics from me!
I've heard a lot of hate for this site. Is it really that bad?  newlinechar   newlinechar [] (/ajsup 'Also shoutout.')	[](/awwyeah 'just noticed that!') newlinechar I would like to know as well.
hehe. im not a good person.	Unfortunate
Being safe is lame!	You're right! Needs to be a little scary to be an adventure! 
I took me a lot of time to develop that game and it was getting no love. I knew you fellow Redditors would like it! It means a lot.	my dead fiancee loved it
Honestly, yeah, and its been a real stressful few years so I guess I appreciate that.	I don't know if acting like a member of a gang family will make things better or worse...
Maybe he's actually serious? newlinechar  newlinechar (I won't call him 'ironic'. He doesn't merit it.)	[Dube.](/dunkass) Comic sans. NOTHING is serious in comic sans.
I'll buy that at a high price!	HA HA HA THANK YOU!
Great. Now Allstar is stuck in my head.	And in mine. Fantastic. 
But i need to pee too!	We have empty coke bottles!
Yeah. Real gamers know that consoles have some strengths (local multiplayer, party games like Rock Band.) newlinechar  newlinechar For everything else, there's the PC.	Nope. newlinechar  newlinechar You can't have the full gaming repertoire without handhelds. :)
That was one thing that frustrated me about German. Such a well structured language but with seemingly arbitrary gender. What makes a floor feminine, or a car masculine...	Nothing. Because a floor is masculine and a car is neutral...
You didn't really fix anything. Just so you know.	You mean FTFY doesn't mean 'Fuck that and fuck you'?
right before she rode it, naturally	they all seem to do that don't they
I'm confused, I used the CD to install mine (in Aust, assume it would be the US installer) and have only been on the US servers and I still have this problem.	That's because according to blizzard the Singapore servers are better for us. Even though we have a lot more ping and they're not as stable. newlinechar  newlinechar The fix that worked for me is option 1; newlinechar  newlinechar http://us.battle.net/d3/en/forum/topic/5271606686?page=1 newlinechar  newlinechar 
I got nothin, kudos.	Comments like that make me happy to know I'm doing well for a first timer.
Meh.	Please expand.
I feel the sarcasm, but come on - Arsenal have a pretty decent team.	I think the addition of Mertesacker and Arteta really boosted their team. Without them I think Arsenal would have been in a slightly worse off situation than now. 
How is it dangerous? There's nothing wrong with WINE.	If you're going to advertise it at a Linux port, having it just be a wine wrapper feels lazy. I could just as easily install it in wine myself.
GET OVER HERE!	Only if his heavy melee was an uppercut. --&gt; --&gt; square  V Circle. How that brings back memories 
do you know what game he was playing?	[DayZ](http://www.dayzmod.com/), a mod for ARMA II: Combined Operations.
Hellgate London, All Points Bulletin, DC Universe Online, Final Fantasy XIV and Auto Assault would like to have a word with you.	Hellgate, ABP, FFXIV were not well received games to begin with.  newlinechar  newlinechar DCUO had mixed reviews and I believe actually is doing alright after going F2P.   newlinechar  newlinechar Auto Assault...I have never heard of
Wait so you mean capitalism has failed abysmally to aid starving, sick kids. Funny you should bring it up, but I agree.	capitalism and free trade has actually done more to eliminate worldwide poverty than you'd be inclined to believe.
So licking other wounds would be helpful?	Before people start saying yes to this question, I have read some conflicting information on whether or not this is truly helpful for humans, so it would be helpful if people provided sources
Its all about the docking. newlinechar 	If one of you is circumcised and the other isn't, you could always snoodle.
He actually was turned away because he didn't have her rabies paperwork. We had gone to PetSmart to pull the video and they keep giving us the run around.  newlinechar  newlinechar Great idea tho - thaks :)	Call Petsmart corporate yourself and file a complaint about the local branch. 
Seriously, we need more people to do the 'Just saw this view in the mirror at the gym and felt like sharing' pose.	This.
thank you! definitely leave us a comment or send a PM so we can mark you down as a redditor	Just left a comment! 
It's not easy making a show. Go ask the Aquabats!. They've been at it for about 10 years and only now did they get a show on the HUB. 	Christian Jacobs did alright with [Yo Gabba Gabba!](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yo_Gabba_Gabba).
Money aside, I have no idea how Lil Wayne gets laid so much looking like a tiny ass frog. Have you seen Laura London? The gets what I'd expect Idris Elba to get.	$
Damn, how is it playing bass and being hard of hearing? Do you have any difficulty hearing notes at the bottom of your range?	it's not too bad, as I have more issues hearing really high pitched noises than low pitch noises. however, no matter how hard I try, I can't tune without a tuner :( newlinechar  newlinechar i can still play like normal otherwise.
You mean you can aim elsewhere?!	else*were* ftfy
[](/photofinish 'I cannot self-terminate. Lower me into the gluepot with this.')	^^^ I'm sorry... hahah... that was funny 
Interesting ears...whats the breed?	He's an American Curl. His ears aren't as curly as my other one [Mondo](http://i.imgur.com/Zf73K.jpg). They're the opposite of Scottish Folds and produce to much cartilage which, makes their ears curl backwards.
Your both wrong, it was obvious Bob Rock...it has always been Bob Rock according to Bob Rock. 	It was Dave Ellefson, right?
But there's no apparent reason why he'd want to be there in the first place, you can't do anything from in a black cell. My guess is that getting captured alive was merely the least shitty option in a shitty situation with no nice way out.	i figured he was trying to get the wall. Yoren is pretty much driving an express train there.
i kinda wish I had a new account again, just so I could troll practice league. :-/	I tried doing it, it isn't fun at all, it takes forever just to engage for the first time lol.
You can't milk those. newlinechar 	Mess with the bull, you get the horns!
Everyone does.	not everyone.
A Kid Named Cudi is his best work.	It's not even a question in my opinion. This is his best work by far.
This is my fault isn't it :3 I knew it was bad when you disappeared from Skype  newlinechar  newlinechar I'm sorrrry MWAD ;(	I hate joo!!!
I once swore up and down that disfruit was an English word.	Oh, that's so nice )
Ahh, that helps. Thanks. 	Watch Deadwood, no other show comes close
In other news, the sun is hot and water is wet.	Can we get an expert to verify this, please?
&gt; I'm just really high and I got tired of typing. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm pretty sure that's what the cancel button is for.	hah yeah I know but I actually wanted to say the other part
[](/sbstare) Just tack Glitter or Sparkle onto the name somewhere and we'll call it a day.	I am currently dying of laughter.
Probably patient damage	I think it was a glitch. I was playing the Saxton Hale mod at the time. (Wasn't Hale). It was kinda odd on my stats until I reset them to have highest damage as 17k as medic
I feel like your hate isn't unreasonable nor is it unfounded newlinechar  newlinechar Now correct me if I'm wrong, but your mascot is a tarp, right? Because it makes an appearance at every game	Hahahah, why we didn't just put down some grass on that end of the field is beyond me. We deserve all the tarp hate as far as I'm concerned. newlinechar  newlinechar That being said, I'd rather have a tarp than a bat-shit stained stadium!
Moral qualms from anal_explorer?	I like to think I have quite a good moral compass. I just lost it while exploring my latest anal cavity.
Things could happen to me, which is why I have medical insurance.	Not everyone can afford medical insurance (or is able to get it).
Nice...hey if they get a couple more 4 game sweeps after this the Brewers might actually get above .500.	http://i.imgur.com/xnKmK.gif
Obviously, he's BoredValet	The same two chain of comments following the same two chain of comments following the same two chain of comments every single time.
Link for the lazy?	http://avatar.wikia.com/wiki/The_Aftermath#Goofs
The chance of transmitting a blood born disease such as HIV is significantly higher during anal sex than vaginal.  There is a higher risk of tearing or other unpleasantness. newlinechar  newlinechar And poop.  There is a much higher risk of poop.	Worth all the risks.
&gt;on the top bunk of a bunk bed in the same room newlinechar  newlinechar wording suggests it was probably not the same bunk bed	I wonder if the person in the bottom bunk of the other bed was also deaf.
Cynicism! newlinechar  newlinechar I think he's returning!	[](/dwatching 'Shhh, just let it happen')
Did you also see the Salvador Dali reference?	Well now I feel stupid, not even sure who that is.
That is just gold!  :P	THIS is funnier than the banana.  newlinechar 
I meant characters [that](/s 'were still alive.')	Don't remind me aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa. T_T
I wouldn't say that sobriety clears it up completely. I've been known to feel a little brain farty for a couple days after smoking a lot. 	I just feel a little more relaxed when i wake up the next day, but nothing a cup of coffee cant fix
Thank you for this. I get so tired of that whiny shit. 'this subreddit has gone downhill, boohoo, I'm leaving! Waaaaa!!' Just get the fuck out already.... 	It has gone downhill. Rage comics, FB posts, and so on. This is not one of those downhill things.
I seriously checked for a novelty account username after that comment.	Well this is more of my 'say stupid shit' account, but no, it's not a gimmick.  Windows ME was kind to me.
Shit, my bad man. I fixed it for others but still hehe sorry. Did I just spoil Skyrim?	Use a spoiler tag.
Makes me miss the little white table they used to put in the middle.	That was the table I used for my Ninja Turtle figures!
Why establish a colony on the moon when you have the money and technological ability to establish one on Mars?	But... they don't have the money nor technological capability.
Oh my god it's sALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOFISH	haha why are you guALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOFISH
Haha! Ok, that gave me a smile. Aren't dogs wonderful?	Yes they are! :)
I broke my arm in 7 places whens i fell from the ladder. Docter says none of bicep cirls but need biceps 4 the ladies. Can i still get ripped?????	curls for the girls, bro. curls for the girls.
I.... all right.	*'Thankfully Aye don't olreddy remember this.'*
This assumption that 'regular' (read: straight cis men) couldn't possibly be pro-gay or anti-misogynist is pretty fucking frustrating	Completely. newlinechar - straight cis dude
There was a bug in iTunes 10.6 that was causing iTunes to crash in some instances when devices that synced photo libraries were attached. This was supposedly resolved (and confirmed in the instances I have seen) with iTunes 10.6.1. Have you software update'd?	The problem happened before 10.6 and continues while i still have 10.6.1 newlinechar  newlinechar Is it possible to have corrupted files on the iPod itself?
With some ranch/blue cheese? newlinechar  newlinechar Nothing better.	I just had an order of buffalo wings a few hours ago. The best thing ever. With ranch of course. What kind of heathens would eat wings without ranch or blue cheese? newlinechar  newlinechar [](/swagintosh)
What we need is an airsoft innovations grenade launcher.	We just need people to abide to honesty. I shoot a 203 in a room everyone is dead in that room. 
Mexican jokes and black jokes are all the same.. Once you've heard Juan you've heard Jamal	A black man walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder. The bartender ask, 'That's very exotic. Where'd you get that?' The parrot says,'Africa.'
At least until he got home and checked the damages	would assume it fell off along the way or near the accident, not lodged in the OP's swipe mobile.
And the hilarious euphemisms. Maybe I'm just not the romantic type, but if a man ever referred to my vag as a flower I'd laugh my ass off.	&gt;I'd *laugh* my **ass** off.  newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY
If this isn't a reference to the trollfic 'Double Rainbow'... [](/twipride)	Judging from right-Dash's expression, it looks like it. newlinechar  newlinechar Or if it isn't, it's certainly going to follow some approximation of the fic's plot.
I thought about this after Dixie's comments regarding the Rock the other day - if they did get someone of that calibre, you'd think it would help. The again, you would have thought Ric Flair and Hogan would have helped.	What did she say about the Rock? and Hogan or Flair couldn't(or shouldn't) be world champion, if Orton somehow went to TNA he'd be the face of the company as champ. They would botch it.
permission to cabbage patch?	no, we gotta wait 'til everyone stops doing 'teh running menz'.
Honestly, the front row-seats at *every* stadium have awful people in them, particularly at the more expensive stadiums.  I'd love it if they just flat-out banned cell phones in the front fifteen rows.	It goes beyond cell phones, it's the sense that they can behave towards baseball players in their workplace in ways that'd have them calling the cops were it being done to them in their own workplace.
My freezer is cooler than being cool.	You can tell my toilet, he doesn't give a shit.
Oh man I love pizza newlinechar  newlinechar Dear princess celestia, oh god I love pizza newlinechar  newlinechar Pizzapizzapizza, especially one from when I lived in ny, the pizza in nc isn't even close.	Pizza, god I love pizza newlinechar  newlinechar Dear Princess Celestia I'm so fat
Perfect music choice. Burst out laughing	Too bad it's a shitty cover. :-/ newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Nothing beats the [original](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5WP2exZurfc).
I hope nothing but the best for you 	Don't forget me, I beg, I remember you said.
Yeah wasn't it ungodly hot in NYC recently?	if this was from today/last night it was pretty cool out, like mid-low 70's 
Jesoos	JeZues.
That restaurant owner is pretty bad-ass, in my opinion. I would wholeheartedly support any restaurants that made this their policy!	I lost my shit at 1:26 when she mocks the screaming baby. My husband and I want to walk up to the next screaming kid table we encounter and do that until they leave!
What about primary sources? When was bibliography invented? WE NEED BETTER ARGUMENTS!!! Being able to argue means seeing flaws on both sides of an argument. Our arguments are much more logical than this. newlinechar 	it was created over hundreds of years.
Some states have front plates.	Illinois is indeed one of the states with front plates.
not sure if you actually missed the joke, but just in case: holocaust	how dreadfully inappropriate ... bravo 
I smoke before  10k run. weeeeeee! 	That's like 6 miles!!!
As summer approaches, I'm glad our 'cloud based approach' will allow me to spend much more time at our colo 'performing maintenance' 	Hah, awesome. Nothing like having to wear sweaters for work.
If you're on a nice streak and about to die, pull out your EOD bot and you'll be teleported back to the base.	See I wouldnt remember to. Either I would run out of ammo or die. No time to pull out the EOD. Thats an odd glitch. 
Two different incidents - should have made that clear. Rooted against the Saints the year before he made the Packers song. Claims to be a Saints fan on a mixtape verse.	He shouldn't diss the Saints, but he had been dropping about being a Packers fan on songs long before he made Green and Yellow
Why? That often ends up being the more enjoyable fan experiences. 	Have you ever sat behind the goal? The view when play is on the other side of the field is terrible.
What is throwing a silhouette and how do I avoid doing it?	Standing on the crest of a hill to put you against the sky, or the flat side of a building, or behind a light source.
What kind of cheesecake is it? Is there some sort of picture that I could view to feel even more jealous? 	[Tasty tasty!](http://i.imgur.com/BDuJe.jpg)
My biggest fear right now is that one of the links that you post up will already be purple.	Found it. You do not want a link, btw.
Then why are you still a freshman in high school, and thus need a note to get out of gym?  newlinechar  newlinechar Misters don't go to gym, little sirs do.	It is known.
I think the rule of thumb is; if it uses standard titanite to upgrade, then it can be used with resin etc.	Lightning upgrades require regular titanite to upgrade, so unfortunately this isn't true. However, everything else that uses regular titanite is. So, regular upgraded weapons, raw upgraded weapons, and crystal weapons are enchantable.
I don't get it... newlinechar  newlinechar Assuming they can't read the image what makes you think they could read it like this?	Lots of software out there can read text, but not images. This is how people with vision disabilities manage to browse the web. The software reads aloud whatever text is displayed on-screen.
I'm learning Spanish. I had some background in it anyway, and Duolingo really helped me take it to the next level. 	Nice. yeah I find it's good for practice. I've been able to remember many more words using it.
It especially stings when you're hearing it from a family member who knows you're an atheist and says it to you anyway.	Yeah, they kinda ought to know better.....
You might have to upgrade your potato.	I wouldn't go full potato. newlinechar  newlinechar Toaster, maybe, but not a potato.
Why don't you just not drink the part that you don't want?	Take two chicken nuggets and SHOVE THEM UP YOUR ASS.
Has Josh Robinson signed yet?	Nope. Him and Kalil are the last 2.
Lmao. All I'm saying is that they're part of the BIG 4 so that means they're kind of BIG. Plus they're blacklisted so Shreddit obviously loves them...	The big 4 thing is album sales, nothing more.  newlinechar  newlinechar Of all the bands on the blacklist, them and Motrhead were definitely submitted the least.
Not sure if wrinkles or hair.	its cellulite 
Hey Georgey! Want a balloon?  They float!  They all float down here!  And when you're down here...YOU'LL FLOAT TOO!	F you man. Childhood memories coming back right before bed. Memories I've been trying to erase for years. 
I still miss old boosters though.	I kinda wish that powered minecarts were just good...
What is this actually from? newlinechar I saw it on a fan made music video for a Tool song, but I doubt he made it all himself.	It's from the movie *2001: A Space Odyssey.*
No.	Thank you.
As opposed to LSD found in nature.	smoking some nice lsd buds:)
Yeah, the one I drink has the least amount of stuff in it and it's still really thick. Try drinking it over the course of like and hour and a half or so, that's what I normally do. 	Yeah that might be a good idea lol, I just gulped it down in like 5 minutes, now I feel like shit. I can't bend over or I might throw up.
If you are going to be hard on a pair of pants, using them as active wear while wearing them daily, they will not last a lifetime.	How about Deluth's [Fire Hose Pants](http://www.duluthtrading.com/store/mens/duluth-ingenuity/fire-hose-workwear/mens-fire-hose-pants/mens-fire-hose-pants.aspx)  
I thought it was my lack of sleep making me see things, but he even has approximately the exact same responses too.	Not many other ways to respond to it.  He should just start making up stuff each time.  newlinechar  newlinechar 'hey how'd you manage to get 'reddit-'? newlinechar  newlinechar 'I created a gui interface using visual basic.'
We need to spread this like wildfire so that more people can know about this then maybe just maybe something will happen to bring her to justice. 	Better yet, maybe something will happen to prevent things like this in the future. That's what we really ought to be aiming for.
Ah, my apologies	No worries!
That's thinking in binary.	Why 1. 1 it is.
I have to say... well done. it looks delicious. As a cheese loving person i would eat the shit out of your pizza.	you know what would make it absolutely delicious though!???...cheese.
I'd like to see the constant spew of political anti-Harper articles leave this subreddit.	I'm not a fan of Harper, but I agree. It is ridiculous how slanted this subreddit is towards Harper.
Enjoy man, I saw him last year with Beats Antique and Eskmo, the show was fuckin incredible. You better be ready to feel some fuckin bass, lol.	I was there too. What a glorious night. I left that place buzzing. I am looking forward to leaving the same way this weekend. 
As far as I know, he's donating profits to charities though... At least, I remember that being cited as the reason he started his account.	That's also what the guy from /r/trees claimed
[*strong* **then kill**](//#blackface)	[*;_;* **then ;_;**](//#blackface)
I found this same DVD for a dollar a few weeks ago! Just a shame half the features on it don't work anymore since the IGPX site's gone.	I was desperate enough to try and see if an archived page cache had it...no luck. :(
Contrary to popular belief, there are a lot of people that want this game.  They're just not the Morrowind/Oblivion fanbase.  It was a good business decision, and Bethesda Game Studios isn't wasting time doing it, so I don't have a problem with it.	I'm from the morrowind fanbase and I think it could be neat if done right..
OK, and I never lose headphones, so I do buy for life with headphones. I mean obviously not every thread suits every person, and even if most people don't think a certain product should be bought for life, if some do then let's find that fucking product!	Are there headphones from 20 years ago that you'd still want to have today? A lot of technology simply isn't ever BIFL
no, we gotta wait 'til everyone stops doing 'teh running menz'.	crank that soljah boi newlinechar  newlinechar SUPERMANNNNNNNN
This could be beneficial to hardcore superflat challenges. Possibly make it so you have the option to make it superflat low/ superflat high. 	Sorta what I meant with the slider.  You could choose for a low/med/high flat world.
damn you, I was feeling witty and original until I checked the comments xD	I couldn't help it, it was so perfect
I got excited with my apostrophes 	No problem buddy, but this is reddit. It had to be pointed out. 
Janna. Her shield will cover for zilean's bombs. Or just go blitz or leona and kill the mofos. 	I've had that matchup before, the only reason we won was through repeated jungler ganks... newlinechar  newlinechar If I shielded for ANYTHING else, he'd get double bombs off on me or the carry. newlinechar  newlinechar I figure I should've played an aggressive kill lane. Blitzcrank, probably.
curls for the girls, bro. curls for the girls.	That is why when i works out i only work me biceps and pecs cos that makes me big
A damn good conductor. Can it stop at r/aww?	Sorry. The Nope Train to FuckThatville only has only layover in OHHELLNAWville. 
The artist seemed to have performed a good job, but time will tell how well it holds up. newlinechar  newlinechar Bonus points once it fades a little, so that people have to actually look to recognize it.	I feel like there is a small part on the bottom that might fade out too much, but luckily the artist will do touch ups for free. She was a little worried with how light the color was.
The only reason TF2 is very mildly P2W instead of completely P2W is because everything meant to be used in actual games drops. This isn't true of the rocket and sticky jumpers.	They're not exactly dominant weapons, and they're cheap at 49 cents apiece. If that makes TF2 P2W...
Whoa. Suddenly I have a whole new concern.	Sad. All I have is a boner.
Isn't the TF2 workshop really strict for what actually gets put in to the game?	[Nope](http://wiki.teamfortress.com/wiki/Connoisseur%27s_Cap)
Cut off the stupid mess of hair I had, bought jeans that fit and stopped wearing shirts with shitty attempts at humour on them. A little bit of effort into your appearance goes a looooong way.	I would love to see a before and after.
i figured he was trying to get the wall. Yoren is pretty much driving an express train there.	Yeah but how would he know Yoren was heading south to recruit? And if he did, how did he ensure that Stark would give him the pick of the dungeons, and that Yoren would pick him?
http://redditenhancementsuite.com/ It's good stuff.	I will examine. Thanks. 
True that.	Yea I'm pretty sure there is nothing that can't make me actually feel sorry for Theon.
Are you kidding me. Asian girls of any region are catnip where I am. Keep your head up. You'll find your niche.	Really? Where are you at?
Glad you like it! Do you need me to send you any specific format for this or anything like that?	EDIT: Actually, a transparent .png is the format I need.
Leia was definitely a must. In your Heathers one, I looked away for a second and then back at the picture- all I saw was your face and thought to myself, 'oh, cool, Leia'... 	Agreed, she looked a lot like Carrie Fisher in that pic.
what is your dream?	I've wanted to be a veterinarian since I was 5 years old. My gpa is above a 3.5 and I'm so close. But if I fail now I couldn't live with myself. 
HEY, CHAMP! WHERE IS /u/POLITE_ALLCAPS_CUM? THEY NEED UPRONS, TOO! newlinechar  newlinechar ###CHOO CHOO FUCKNUTTERS	####B newlinechar ###U newlinechar ####C newlinechar ###K newlinechar ####A newlinechar ###R newlinechar ####O newlinechar ###O newlinechar ####S newlinechar ###!
Mindfucked.	Good news everyone, you're now reading this in *my* voice.
Figueroa Hotel, a Moroccan hotel with awesome bars; always seems to have Lakers or video game ads.	Yeah. They're probably the number one place to place an ad in LA. I wonder how much Figueroa Hotel makes from all the ads. Probably more than they make from being a hotel. 
I was dry for 2 weeks and resorted to scraping all the resin from all my pieces. Smoked them in poppers... what have i become?	this is what i do all the time. dont feel sad bro
ND PAY TWO CHIL SUPPORT CHECKS WEN DEY ASS LEAVE ME?? NIGGA I AINT NO BILL GATES JUST A HUSTLA TRYNA PEDDLE SUM SMACK NAHMEAN? #CANIGETAHELLYEA? 	GET DAT PREEN UP DOH. AND BE LIKE I OWN MY CHILLEN tha FUCK YhU THINK YOU DOIN?  newlinechar 
Caaaaarll....	I'm sorry. I'm in the wrong here. 
If one of you is circumcised and the other isn't, you could always snoodle.	pigs in a blanket...
Fuck man, I was having a good night until you brought up SWTOR. 	Still playing, still liking. newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/oFTag.jpg
..which were made and held by members of the public btw.	And your point being?
Lol this is the background on my laptop, uptoke my good sir	:D&lt;3
Thank you for clearing that up! After Much Consideration and Thought I have decided on the lovely [L](http://i.imgur.com/INZzhh.jpg)[u](http://i.imgur.com/YHuSF.png)[n](http://i.imgur.com/B4CKx.jpg)[a](http://e621.net/data/sample/4b/ac/4bac5ecb5402a11865f05c2af6ae70b3.jpg?1336830561). newlinechar 	Twilight Sparkle for me :)
It all makes sense now.	Round an round and round we go...
McAcee? MCAFEE?!?!	I use McAfee... what should I be using instead?
You can put an inspirational quote or create your own motto. Or, you can put the name of your alma mater underneath to score some alumni points. 	I like quotes! newlinechar  newlinechar Can you put.... 'future social worker at your firm' hehe
Oh you're just gonna go for the grand poobah like that? Just gonna throw out Cedar Point? That's like saying 'Tofu and rice are okay but neither hold a candle to bacon.'	Well, Disney World is like a four course meal with gourmet everything, while Cedar Point is like a pile of bacon. The overall experience of going to Disney is better, but bacon is cheaper and it's bacon.
The only ads I've seen are flash ads.  Are there really commercials?	my little brother said he saw an advert for runescape on cartoon network, and i seen other people say it. newlinechar  newlinechar dunno whats in the advert, probs part of the runescape cinematic which makes the game look better than it is :p
Would you like to buy a box of girl scout cookies?	I'll take some Graham Crunch. How much will that be?
&gt;Imagine newlinechar  newlinechar Ftfy	fuck, I knew it wasn't right. Oh well too late now :(
noisily and repetitively?	Void of all emotion.
Yes	What's up, my brothers from other mothers? I, too, am Nick, and I look forward to our meteoric rise to the top of the international power structure!
Oh. Dsol.	C'est qu'il est poli ce type, quand on s'y adresse en franais du moins!
It was Dave Ellefson, right?	Congratulations, everyone - we made it a whole seven comments related to Metallica before someone brought up Megadeth, besting the previous record by two.
The Chancellor of Germany recently purchased a new oven. newlinechar  newlinechar It seats 500.	What's the difference between Santa and the Jews? newlinechar  newlinechar Santa goes DOWN the chimmey.
It takes a real man to compliment another man's cock.  newlinechar 	Or a gay man. newlinechar  newlinechar Though, of course, that is not to say that a gay man and a real man are a mutually exclusive package (ba-dum tshhh).  Nor is it mutually inclusive.
Worth reading?	Yes, most definitely yes. 
SHOE THE SUE MAKER	Tony Schumacher?
I'm no artist either so I too stand in utter amazement the next morning examining my clean apartment and a freshly baked cake. :-)	You got me beat on the baking. I have no concept for that. I do really really get into my cooking of spicy food though. When I am cooking that is, lately it's been automotive work. 
Jon isn't dead. In an interview with some sort of magazine (I forget which one) they asked GRRM 'Why did you kill off Jon Snow?' newlinechar He replied: 'Oh so you think he's dead, do you?'	That doesn't mean he's alive either. That was, by definition, a non-answer. It was in fact a question, meant to mess with the interviewer's (and by extension the readers') head. 
B.C.	I don't think the color grey existed back then.
That was the table I used for my Ninja Turtle figures!	You used it for your Barbies.  newlinechar  newlinechar Admit it.   
I feel like there's something wrong with me because the idea of a Mario Kart blowjob was by far the most exciting thing I read.	Nothing wrong with you, I'm just as excited about giving my partner a Mario Kart blowjob.  
####U RLY GTA WACH IT N ORDER OR YOU'LL BE PISSED AT SPOILERS	[*sees le karma train, is le drunk* **hops on anyway**](//#scumbagsteve)
Favorites don't make friends.	You've broken my heart into a million pieces, captnawesomeguy. newlinechar  newlinechar But that's ok, I'm not upset. You monster.
If you're going to advertise it at a Linux port, having it just be a wine wrapper feels lazy. I could just as easily install it in wine myself.	I don't really agree. If it's fully WINE-compatible, then it's fully Linux-compatible. It just has WINE as a dependency. Would you say the same about Minecraft? It's written in Java and requires the JRE (a compatibility layer, if defined loosely).
How do you get 50 Jews into a Volkswagen?  newlinechar  newlinechar In the ashtray. newlinechar  newlinechar 	The gas tank works well too. (Hardy har har)
Once we ran Lux and Lulu. Before it was called a bug, I thought Riot disabled animation spamming for this reason.	hey, lulu's laugh is adorable! 
Please expand.	Just not feeling it.
[Obligatory](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=FuuUR515xDM)	[Obligatory](http://www.dottumblr.com/)
For me its YOLO, to which i shout back, 'You obviously lack originality!' 	Heard that for the first time a couple days ago, but since then I've heard it at least 15 times. That'll be a good one to remember when I really start getting burned out on that
You can never fap too much! newlinechar Edit: once I went on a fapping marathon, and my Dick went a little crooked. So I took a break.	That's... wow... *nice*
Or Caramel Lattes	and ~~meth~~ gas. newlinechar  newlinechar Don't forget the gas.
If memory serves, it wasn't really that bad.  The biggest problem I remember was with bluescreens (and other crashes).  I mostly played SimCity 3000 on it though, no fancy stuff.	Yeah, after a few patches, it wasn't really more or less horrible than Windows 98, but like Vista, the damage was already done and nobody really trusted it.
*You. I like you.* newlinechar  newlinechar LE UPVOTES PLEASE, BUCKAROOS	***Nigger***
FratTip: We put a like 8 handles in and a few containers of Instant Kool-Aid and fill up the keg 1/2 with water, then roll it around on the ground to mix it all.	I am not saying my frat puts ecstasy and Xanax in our jungle juice but we put ecstasy and Xanax in our jungle juice.
Funny enough even surgical sterilization has a tiny percentage of failure. 	[Life finds a way](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SkWeMvrNiOM)
My kids could easily stream me to the poor house cruising down the interstate with 4G LTE Netflix streaming	They'll realize Netflix doesn't work and will browse YouTube instead. Now what? newlinechar  newlinechar Seems like disabling 4G is a more sensible approach.
Oh man.	Oh god. OH MAN.
Estoy totalmente de acuerdo, y tambien me parece que se equivoca cuando dice que se usa al sub como mirror de la nacion, me parece que no es asi y se postean noticias de sitios que la verdad que muchas veces no conozco.	Eso. Igualmente, que hay de malo que se posteen links de La Nacin. Yo ya lo leo al diario, pero ac tambin importan las discusiones que se dan entre los redditors. Hay comentarios con contenido, comentarios que me hacen reir. 
Every time I read that blog it's like a smug circle jerk. I wonder how the tone will change when Fweddit is pressing its collective dick against the glass of Minmatar stations.	Thank you for that thrilling and titillating image.
This sounds incredibly similar to our own historical behavior.......	Minus the bit about avoiding obesity newlinechar  newlinechar  
This is really the only way to properly run the subreddit. On my other account, I *ban* these assholes, but I'm not a mod here... yet.	And yet, BoomBoomYeah's comment is being upvoted. Go figure.
I still have my Chansey wind-up toy! Played the fuck out of that thing.	It was extremely hard to get that Chansey top to spin right. However, the Magnemite top perfectly fit my hand and spun hardcore.
Actually, they're not.  I've gotten five times the karma for good movie trivia than I've gotten for boobs. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Before anyone else looks, I'm not dumb enough to post remotely-erotic pictures of myself on my main account.  Don't waste your time.	But, but, you've never posted in r/gonewild and the one boobs shot (lovely by the way) was not exactly in an erotic context. I'm not saying you should test N69's hypothesis (you can if you want), but you certainly haven't disproved it.
i am also due jully 11th and this is scaring me, makes it feel so close/ real!  just wanna wish you the best of luck chicka, keep us updated! 	Will do and thanks! Just a really longggggg day!
We're like, a huge beach with some grass.	I don't know if it's the sleep deprivation that made this comment hilarious or if it was genuinely funny.
The first three of these are upvoted, but after that they're all downvoted.  Damn it, Reddit, how do you decide which one to upvote and which one to downvote?	I usually throw darts at the screen.
Alien Blue? newlinechar Edit: it lets me edit. See, SEE!	No he is called 'Reddit' or something like that. 
Hahahah I have an old diamondback from the 70's-80's when they still put the diamond in the frame. Just thought I'd share w/ u lol	I still have some in my garage so its very relevant. :)
ITS RAINING	HOW CONVENIENT
Randomly selected other creature takes it's place	Does anyone know why it replaces creatures? I'm assuming it's because they're in your library but are banned from spore.
Quality, not quantity. 	haha, you brought it up!
You just have to get good at passing it off like you knew it all along.  A little 'Yeah, that's right bitches' smirk and you're in the other team's heads.	I liked to do a good golf clap at the end of the game if we more than doubled the other teams score :D
Wings fan here. Was expecting a somewhat easy game for Detroit, but now this makes it interesting. Can't wait!	Why exactly were you expecting an easy game? Since the lockout the Wings are 2-3-1 against the Leafs. It's been fairly even I'd say.
I agree, maybe choose a soft gray and accessorize with pinks and yellows?	Yeah definitely! I saw a gorgeous picture of gray dresses with yellow bouquets. (I tried to find it, but of course I can't now!) newlinechar  newlinechar I even think the royal blue she was mentioning would still be pretty.
I powerleveled through Bastion and had friends kill diablo for me. I used some gear I found from butcher runs to let me steamroll Act1 and first half of Act 2. Afterwards I had to use AH. I spent ~1 mil on all my current gear.	Any pointers on an efficient DH Siegebreaker run? I'm kinda at a loss when it comes to where to start, what side-bosses to include etc. Thanks!
Trans Girls, transform and ROLL OUT!	It's Morphin' Time!
'40 month sentence'	So I was doing some stuff in January 2005 and then I finished doing that same stuff around April 2008.   newlinechar  newlinechar '40 month sentence' 
you didn't have to snaaaap in half!	Make out like you weren't boyant and that I wasn't paddlin'
And besides, who the fuck would want to live on Mars? Looks like a hole to me.	People don't even want to live in the australian outback... or on sea colonies... why the hell would they go to mars?
People have told me it's offensive so I figured I would share haha. Share with all your friends.	Already shared it with one. ;)
Not only that but I want it to be available on all carriers. Not just one carrier. newlinechar  newlinechar I would hate to have it only on at&amp;t while on tmobile. newlinechar  newlinechar something like that and i'd leave android in a heart beat	Agreed.  I'm still using the HD7.
I love how they do this as soon as the SGS3 was launched.  newlinechar  newlinechar Still waiting for my N7000 ICS 	Source dropped for Note ICS like last week.
Hellgate, ABP, FFXIV were not well received games to begin with.  newlinechar  newlinechar DCUO had mixed reviews and I believe actually is doing alright after going F2P.   newlinechar  newlinechar Auto Assault...I have never heard of	Exactly!
[**this is the bravest subreddit** *the only one I ever go on*](/bigslmar)	[](/kyot)
What's the fastest animal in the world? An Ethiopian chicken.	What's the definition of an optimist? And Ethiopian in a dinner jacket.
Jack Napier was the real name of the joker in the 1989 Batman movie	oh...guess i should put down the playboy and pick up a Batman.
Nothing. Because a floor is masculine and a car is neutral...	Unless it's a sports car, or the floor has a pretty sweet rug.
Or maybe the viewer is disabled. Ever think of that?	touch.
exactly my thoughts. One does not simply get surprise head.	Not true, if you're with a woman who likes giving blow jobs. They do exist. newlinechar  newlinechar edit: weird formatting
the sad thing is, [0], i'm just that naturally dumb at moments	Dude.. we all have stoner moments, don't discount yourself!
Get: Batman, Batman and Robin, Batman Inc. newlinechar  newlinechar Avoid: The Dark Knight, Detective Comics	I disagree on one thing: newlinechar  newlinechar Start picking up The Dark Knight with Issue #10. The new writer is the same one who recently wrote **Penguin: Pain &amp; Prejudice**.
dude, you aren't going to *die.* I mean I suppose a lot of folks will, but it's not like an asteroid is coming to wipe us out. Just... aquire assets that will help you live, invest in things you probably already own being in /r/collapse, and you'll be fine.	It would be rough but at the same time I don't really see a lot of opportunity in the current system for normal working class people like myself so whatever. Go for it. Hit the reset button. 
South* of Mena newlinechar 	I happen to be from that area. I knew the truck looked familiar. I think there is another quite similar to it down further south. If I see it again, I'll post a picture.
definitley, I basically use reddit for r/nfl and r/chibears for sports news, anything else, especially the main subs, make me barf.	/r/chibears is the best team subreddit I'm a member of. People are mostly positive and real submissions, not bullshit imgur links. 
May I see some of your work? newlinechar  newlinechar Oh yea, and /r/MLPdrawingschool 	[Here](http://seenotc.deviantart.com/gallery/37007121) are all the sketches I've done recently, and [here](http://seenotc.deviantart.com/gallery/37007116) are some custom toys I'm pretty proud of.
I would have said 'eat better'.	Hey, I eat just fine. You should see me eat! But seriously he did mention that too.
Upvote for the rooted Kindle Fire. What CM9 ROM are you running? I'm currently running GedeRom w/ Hascode's latest kernel and it is pretty damn close to perfect. Gotta upvote you for the G2, as well.	I'm on the latest GedeRom and Hashcode kernel too but I'm thinking about moving over to the latest AOKP just for variety.
MY MAIN NIQQUH CHARLY &amp; I GOT THE HUNGER DOE #HUMANFLESH	YOU BETTA EAT YO NIGGUH 
Hahahahahah if anything he WAS crazy beforehand, believing what the bible says.	Also the girlfriend says, 'It wasn't him. Somebody did this to him.' newlinechar  newlinechar Take some fucking responsibility people.
Why use crutches to teach a baby to walk when it has two capable legs?	Alternatively: why bother walking in a world made of jetpacks? newlinechar  newlinechar Besides, if they can achieve lucidity with 'crutches' and then pick up good habits, they could eventually shed that crutch and still be more successful than someone who hadn't build said habits yet.
My friend introduced me to Hedegaard a few weeks ago via this remix. He's got some awesome stuff. I also really like his moombahton remix of 'Move Bitch' by Ludacris. 	Couldn't decided which one to post first! That one will definitely be up at some point
Not me, but I live a quarter mile from there. 	same here.... dad?
Doesn't get more official than this!	Well, I don't see why not... What would they do instead?
PUT IT ON YOUR PORCH!	IT'S A SAFETY PORCH!
the one who won.	Yeah still don't know who won...
&gt;The literal jury was discharged a week ago, but the proverbial jury is still out on this one. newlinechar  newlinechar Oh fuck you. 	Haha the bullshit spin is fucking hilarious. That was such a one sided article. 
can we share the internets?	[NO](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_AjByXEA7eUw/SpeRBHAk3mI/AAAAAAAAAFE/T-d6tRb9cvM/S1600-R/Untitled.gif)
up-voted!	Who down-voted this? Upvote you back sir. 
I mention I am an ent on other subreddits; 'Re-evaluate your life' followed by 15+ downvotes. newlinechar  newlinechar :(	Yeah. This is why I really hate commenting on anything in the rest of reddit. An argument on trees tends to be more civil than a normal discussion on the rest of reddit. Too much hate and judgement in this world man.
We can do it Beelz. LET'S MAKE THE NEXT FACEBOOK	Ok, but we need to have a strict division of labour to work most efficiently. How about you do all the coding, and I'll make all the money?
Minecraft scares me lol. Im too scared to download this game	Don't worry little boy, it will be a grand adventure. Go on, try it.
Compared to San Angelo TX water, anything tastes good. Even your balls, I'm sure.	West Texas water is just unequivocally shit.
Am I missing something, or are the first and third examples exactly the same? 	They look the same, but the cases are different. It's hard to explain if you're unfamiliar with German grammar, but the possesive form ending is the same for these two cases (for the specific gender x755x uses).
in all seriousness though, I absolutely hate talking about soccer with u.s. citizens who only follow epl and refuse to follow mls. They want soccer to be big here in the states but don't support stateside clubs.  newlinechar  newlinechar it is literally my biggest pet peeve right now.	BUT HERP DERP CHELSEA DERPY ARSENAL!!!!
Is that a hamburger?	It could actually be a cheeseburger.
Yup, as an AD all I'm doing when farming is trying to make my CS score nice and pretty, not at all trying to salvage what's left of our late game for what I'm guessing is a failing team.	I'm talking about players that do this lategame, you know, when your team needs you the most.
Are you blind? If so, how are you reading this question? I'm guessing someone is reading it to you?	He/she could be a bartender, cook or janitor. Only the waiters are blind I think. 
I wouldn't consider it their best, but I would rate it very near the top. It gets a bad rap for bringing the tribal and groove elements more up front, but it's still a very respectable slab of thrash metal IMO. 	Well, I'm drawn towards Igor Cavalera's drum work on Chaos A.D., which remains a big inspiration to me. 
I got them at Macy's	Clearly, you are a smart shopper.
A loser is a loser, doesn't matter if they are high, drunk or sober. 	Precisely
[This is where I got my info](http://www.vitamindcouncil.org/about-vitamin-d/what-is-vitamin-d/vitamin-d-toxicity/). Blame them.	I dont blame you. Stupid internet. I have seen people go toxic from Vit D. They should seek medical attention right away. Could cause organ damage.
Testing, testing. Please ignore.	c-c-c-combo breaker! (please ignore)
&gt;bipedal trees newlinechar  newlinechar ftfy	Are they trees? I thought they were lizards that ingested Hist sap while young
[DayZ](http://www.dayzmod.com/), a mod for ARMA II: Combined Operations.	Thanks. Apparently it was worth it to downvote honest questions though lol
I don't get it. Can somebody please explain what I'm supposed to be looking at here?	There's only two games on the out of town scoreboard. Hence, crickets.
The homeless man also had prior convictions for violent crimes, while the CEO cooperated with the police and led to arrests of more people involved in the scheme. newlinechar  newlinechar I don't have the sources on hand, but this has been posted and discussed many times before. 	http://www.snopes.com/politics/crime/roybrown.asp newlinechar  newlinechar That's some of it. I know what you're talking about again.
but that doesn't explain the sequels	$$$$$$
Who cares about other people affected by this slur? What about meeeeeeeee? [](/qq)		just another reddit man child with severe mother issues 
GPA matters for getting your first job or internship. After that, you have professional references that are more important that GPA.	Agreed (Cal Poly ME Grad '10). Get involved in clubs/campus life to aid in acquiring internships/professional experience. My resume was fairly standard for an ME student but it was my involvement in Engineering Ambassadors that helped me stand out and get my job in Sales Engineering. 
That would be terribly unfortunate unless the keyboard managed to produce a high pitched female sound as the ultimate.	Opera Sona ult: Sona magically recovers her voice and produces a high pitched sound that stuns all enemies in front of her.
When that kid dives into the wood chipper I almost pissed my pants....no lie	All right... I know what this is.
I don't know anyone sadly who plays orks :( newlinechar  newlinechar Then again, my Imperial Guard would probably get crushed if I did.	ORKS IS DA BIGGEST AN DA STRONGEST
Oooo I wanna take ya.	To Bermuda, Bahama
That's my birthday!	Proof?
As crazy as it sounds, I was exactly the same way. I had a plan and everything. 	I'm relieved I wasn't the only one.  
That's some fine Class A douchebag right there. 	Class A+... Honors douchbaggery even... 
Obey your Chief. He isn't your dad. He's your boss. 	Prettty much. He's seen it all and done it twice. 
The best kind of taint.	Besides your moms
If you have APNG support, she is vibrating, or so I'm told. I keep the Chrome extension disabled for performance.	Earth quake sweetie bell
I'd commit genocide for guaranteed 18% dividends.	Would you do it for a Klondike Bar?
Keanu Reeves is in the audience?	woah.
Stop posting and bring yourself over to my apartment :D	Tempting. Where am I'm going?
[](/kyot)	[*fak u kyot*](/proky)
You obviously speak from experience. 	Do not skip step 2!
Yeah, I'm pretty sad she's gone. newlinechar  newlinechar I hear that the person who constructed her is still posting in aSRS. newlinechar  newlinechar But I want Sophonax back! newlinechar 	&gt; But I want Sophonax back! newlinechar  newlinechar I'm pretty sure she's already back on an alt.
They don't have to be a butcher, they just occupy the butchers shop for the... Err... Construction.	yup, my guy was actually a metal smith. And BTW they don't become legendary butchers.
Yes. Yes I am. Please show me some.	I agree, 95-98% of the time garbage posts are summarily downvoted.
doesnt mean your dealer cant be a friend. I love going to my dealers place even if im not picking up	one of my longtime dealers has become a close friend of mine!
I must see proof of this one :o	[Me](http://i.imgur.com/gV7oI.jpg) newlinechar  newlinechar [Reference](http://i.imgur.com/GK2sU.jpg)
Would a half zaitochi count?	No unfortunately it doesnt
You used it for your Barbies.  newlinechar  newlinechar Admit it.   	The Ninja turtles needed ladyfriends...
I'm not saying TiR is a victim, I'm saying the people who follow him around and circlejerk about how much he sucks really get on my nerves.	i can concede to that. i feel that the behavior is part of the lifecycle of it all and because of that i just skip past most of it.
*/r/braveryjerk*	This.
Wow	Despite it's massive superiority, its interface is much less intuitive and there's no guidance or instruction whatsoever.  So basically the PC version is for men.
'I promise' 	Just for a second, just to see how it feels.
I hope he's *both* sleeping and drunk off his ass! Weird dreams make excellent game design advisers!	Magic swedish space llama simulators, anyone?
Aw, [shucks](http://www.reddit.com/r/ShitRedditSays/comments/tkqbr/meta_has_srs_seemed_a_bit_quiet_lately_its_bc_we/c4ng2ef).	Thanks!
22 year old straight guy here who proudly thinks that movie is genius.	I second this.  I will watch this movie anytime it is on TV.
Like Linda?  Linda was *painful*.	i don't know, i rather enjoyed watching her take the stone cold stunner and that tombstone kane gave her that one time
Absolutely. She's only my second piece, and I hate toking from anything else already haha	Clean it regularly cause once the inside glass dome piece get dirty it's really hard to clean..
I'd cry if I lived in milwalkee too. :)	It's not so bad.  Except, yeah, for the crying.
called Pocong newlinechar  newlinechar http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pocong newlinechar  newlinechar commonly found in Indonesia/ Malaysia, mostly used by Moslems	First, The Raid: Redemption. Now this. I'm becoming a fan of Indonesian cinema. 
JeZues.	In Spanish it's Hey-Zues!
It shrinks?	Like a frightened turtle!
That was more hilarious than funny. I hope no-one finds out I said this	There are better ways to prevent people from finding things that you've said than by entering them into text in a highly redundant database.
I'm working on some other ones right now, you can chekc my channel for others. Don't have too high expectations, I'm inexperienced.	Keep it up, dude!  I look forward to checking it out.
Does anyone know why it replaces creatures? I'm assuming it's because they're in your library but are banned from spore.	its to break continuity. newlinechar  newlinechar for once instead of a species at a nest, its  newlinechar  newlinechar hey! what the hell is that! newlinechar 
I think both groups you mentioned are heard from more than couples in opposite scenarios.	Yeah, that's probably the case. I guess I don't hear very many couples talking about 'Oh, we conceived the first time and everything went flawless and then I farted a rainbow!'
Hey man, that's where all our IT jobs are going at the moment. Don't hate.	You're kidding, right? Indian programmers are laughable at best.
The coin looks to grade around an EF40 and according to my 2011 redbook puts the value at $625 (if it hasn't been cleaned). If this coin is indeed uncleaned, I would have it graded by either NGC or PCGS.	How can I tell if it has been cleaned?  Doesn't look to me that it has been but if it has it was a long time ago before I was born.
They story may carry on if he's good enough.	and if he keeps the clothes in good shape. :)
Done and done	Ditto Done! 
Nice! Well I enjoy them so thank you!	Haha no thank you for looking at me. If you have any other requests, either pm me or just ask me here- I love getting naughty for y'all ;)
Clearly, you are a smart shopper.	They have to last me I spent all my money on foil Pokemon cards
The deli meat cheese wrap was options I was asking for, thanks	No problem =] If I think of other ones, I'll let you know
'Save some of that for my chest...'	Wut 
He may not have been the greatest President but he was a good person.  I'm glad he's stayed out of the public eye and gave himself time to recuperate, too.	After all the shit he got during his 8 years in office, he's been really good about not criticizing the current President in public.
So, this is the 'left anarchists have a monopoly on the word anarchist' argument again?	As far as they have a monopoly on the history of anarchism and its development, yes. I'm not going to forcibly stop someone from calling themselves an anarchist, but I don't think I have especially high-standards at all when it comes to a basic understanding of anarchism.
There will be bugs when a friend brings over a Mac, or when you try to expand it ... who knows ... buying it off the shelf is probably more bulletproof.  Well, less bullet-full. newlinechar 	Ok, good point. Neither of those should be an issue with stock ubuntu samba sharing, but Ubuntu isn't built from the ground up to be a NAS so it may have more problems.
I tried doing it, it isn't fun at all, it takes forever just to engage for the first time lol.	bc rush builds dude. bc rushes. ;-)
What does 'controversial' actually mean in terms of Reddit? Whatever gets the most downvotes?	Saying something other Redditors agree with.
all you can skeet	If you keep punning it up, you may have your own erotic short to slap up online. 
[Royal flush!](http://imgur.com/WgKTt)	whaaaat is up with their faces?
How is babby formed again? 	Yes.
[It isn't taken.](http://obeserapistsultanvoice.tumblr.com/)	*tents fingers*
Are you offering, or just asking?  You can reply to people's posts, or you can post an offer by posting with [Offer] in front of your text.	I want to offer. I just want to do it correctly.
I've built things using megablocks and legos together, and had no problems.	LIARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
so you're a hipster who hates other hipsters?	I really don't care if somebody is a hipster. It's just common courtesy to wear swimming trunks in the pool.
It was walking.	Hey man, there's some arm swinging involved, too.
haha i thought so too when i first saw them. Then i bought one. Im wearing it as I type this. Pictures really don't do it justice, as they say. It gets tons of compliments, feels nice and solid. It's a great watch.	It's so much nicer on person than pictures, for sure. I love it to death.
That was an answer before too   newlinechar http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z2CJMiwACUY&amp;feature=related	'OH MY GOD'
Heehee, yup. newlinechar  newlinechar Though I'm really happy my husband bears a passing resemblance to Loki...	Mine is more Thor like but he has his Loki moments. ;)
As someone who has finals next week, this not being the major update makes me incredibly happy.	As someone in the same situation, HOW DID I END UP ON REDDIT AGAIN??
As much as I like GB and am glad e-sports leagues got a major partner, I don't think having such a huge portion of the gaming media under the umbrella of one company is a good thing. 	They're just handling the advertising. Surely, they offered everyone significantly more than they were already making to lock them all down. newlinechar  newlinechar Pretty smart move by CBSi, but probably not one that will change any tournament's ability to do/say whatever they want.
West Texas water is just unequivocally shit.	Oh god Lubbock water. Never again.
[amen.](http://i.imgur.com/ZBKka.gif)	No.
Make sure you don't read the passage that quote comes from, otherwise you'll realize that it is said during the Sermon on the Mount, a radical reinterpretation and commentary on the Law. The fact that he says 'this' rather than 'the' is telling.  newlinechar  newlinechar 	Shush you! Don't you know all atheists know more about the bible than you?!
Good news everyone, you're now reading this in *my* voice.	Brian Griffin, is that you?
Awesome. newlinechar 2-3 others and you'll have a Goffik Rokk Band!	more pics of the band to come
[150.313 mph](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rollie_Free) and to think that I have done better than that on a sport bike.	Were you in underpants too?
If u liked the anime so far finish watching. Personally i recommend ppl to stop watching after soul society arc until this point bleach is very exciting to watch as well as funny but afterwards bleach becomes worse with each arc.	I agree. After the 'save Rukia' arc, I just can't get back into it. 
It's probably a little irrational when 12 years have passed and I still hate him just as much. But yes, he is a scumbag.	yeah. fuck that guy. his throwing the bat at Piazza was one of the most cowardly things I've ever seen on a playing field.
as long as penis isn't too small, like 5-6 inches.	I have no idea what to say to this.
The Elder Scrolls Online.      newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: [proof](http://i.imgur.com/ym7Gc.jpg).  As Casper92 pointed out, they used the same building walls to paint a SKYRIM artwork last year just before E3.	So that Elf doesn't really look like an Altmer, Dunmer, or Bosmer. I'm guessing it's supposed to be Bosmer.
My god that's an ugly crankset	i think it looks kind of cool
Seeing as I took a picture and promptly posted to to Facebook going 'HEY, LOOK GUYS! I'M FAMOUS!' Yes, they did.	How did you figure out it was you? The underwear? newlinechar  newlinechar Nice butt by the way.
Te joek is tat a serbain flim is e prety dolanesk fillm in tat it is complettly offensif.	wow, accualy is vry clevr comic newlinechar 
I've been amazed by the quality of voice acting for the female wizard.  It's almost disappointing to know that if I go and roll another character it won't be as good, because I've already heard the best.	Playing through the whole game as a witch doctor and listening to as much dialog as I could, I have to say his voice was done very well. His character has a kind of singular compassion for others.
Zoids and anything Gundam is a good start. 	ZOIDS.
Oh god what was the name of this show??! newlinechar 	bear in the big blue house
Congrats! What kindve company are you working for and what are you doing? How long have you been working on programming? 	Thanks! It's in the healthcare industry. I'll be working primarily on maintaining existing C# applications while I learn the ropes. I've only built a couple of simple websites so far and worked through exercises on sites like Code Academy.
But i literally just got on. Yesterday everyone was typing it so I do not see how I can be banned. Also only my faction gets banned for it? That's a bit bias.	Admin had literally said 30 seconds before to stop the NODUS checks. In a 5 min period at least 4 people called for a check.
Ah well, FWIW I assumed sarcasm when you said 'a rag tag group of buddies'.	[This was what I thought of.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Os6raCCmAFk)
I request Pictures for comparison, I'm not doing the work for your post.	i couldnt find anything online. i'll try to get screen shots of it
It's really not that bad. Just do it in the shower. 	Oh I earned my redwings a few years ago, it's just that the phrase 'vagina syrup' is a bit gag inducing.
Requiem of a dream. Dat ass to ass. 	I hate that part. The circumstances are so fucking creepy and degrading. 
I for some reason forgot to mention that he fell into a fell mood to begin with because the noble imprisoned his wife for exporting leather armor.	Can you say 'poetic justice'?
Your body will not start using your muscle as fuel in a 16 hour fast.	But...but...I heard this from someone who heard it from someone who heard it from someone who read it online on a forum where someone heard it from someone who heard it from someone who lifted weights at some point. newlinechar  newlinechar It's gotta be true!
Might? That sounds like a shaky commitment. I dunno if I'm comfortable with this transaction.	That sounds like my MO. 
For years I've searched for someone whose Furby suffered the same fate as mine. He opened his beak mouth and without moving, spewed gibberish. Moments later, it was dead.	r/nosleep
Interesting observation. There are also the obvious difficulties in actually getting some preferred athletes (academically) admitted to GT, which could be a huge disadvantage.	FINALLY, SOMEONE WHO UNDERSTANDS!!! newlinechar  newlinechar We had to turn a man down last year about 10 days before signing day because he wasn't academically qualified for admittance, even as a football player. The coach who was responsible for keeping tabs on him was fired.
Man, you are reading my mind.  That's the first thing I thought of when I saw Libya on the list.  I just hope that whoever ends up running that joint doesn't mess with it too much...that is definitely a bucket list locale.	TIL of Leptis Magna
Look, before we protest him exploiting the system to get some food and confort we should protest him being allowed to go hungry. That summs up my entire opinion on the subject.	I'm pretty sure thats exactly what TheSource88 meant by 'as a society we cannot accept it'. I don't think he was at all concerned with exploiting the system. He doesn't think any person should have to go hungry.
Not really.  If all the currently estimated 7.017 billion people on the planet played 963 games, it would happen twice.  Statistically that is. 	Probability is a bitch, right.
Still playing, still liking. newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/oFTag.jpg	How dare you enjoy something other people don't like. People like you are the reason facebook still exists and Ron Paul isn't president.
i'm not saying he mocked it..i'm saying that maybe he did it and is playing it off. which is silly, i know lol. just curious about how.	Then the obvious conclusion is that the OP has committed a felony and, after getting away with it, took photographic documentation and broadcast it to the world hoping that law enforcement and the victim would never see it.
Idk what clits you've been seeing lately...	You've never seen the Chyna sex tape?
Army of Lost Killspace 3!	:Beyond Thunderdome
[*you should have used* **this image macro**](//#typicalredditor)	[*that also works* **but I like how //#neodestiny gives off a bit of a 'totally annoying dumbass' vibe**](//#advicedog)
I found it absolutely terrifying. Icebergs terrify me. Anything large and involving the ocean scares the shit out of me. What could be underneath that thing??? You don't know! 	Definitely not more ice. This I am sure of.
I still won no thanks to him. Jordy Nelson had a big year, so did fred jackson.	I had Jordy as well, he was an awesome sleeper pick. 
I'm writing this on a phone, but will definitely write more later, as a huge Horowitz fan.  But to get you started, what do you think about rachmaninoff's playing?  He is nowhere near the techician that others are, but who cares? His musicality is brilliant.  	I remember reading somewhere that Rachmaninov actually preferred Horowitz's interpretation of the 3rd piano concerto.
But you gotta admit its still pretty damn cute :v	Yep ;)
I was hoping it would be like, 'It makes that Spanish chair all the more sexier'. Was disappointed. 	Dont you hate it when you get legitimate answers to your questions instead of sarcastic remarks and attempts at humor?
Once you have one staff stacked, every subsequent staff is too. newlinechar  newlinechar And yes, Im constantly using abilities. It takes about 23 minutes on average for me to get it to full.	The bonus mana doesn't stack iirc. It's the 3% converted to AP that stacks.
i was just about to say the same thing. I don't think that, that is his cup of tea... newlinechar  newlinechar he'd rather take everyone else's cup of tea.	He could take my cup of tea. I'd...allow it, yes.
Your arm looks airbrushed haha, random observation.	hahahaha! dude, i was like a giggly school girl when i saw her...I didn't know i was capable of BLUSHING!!!! lol newlinechar 
Stay classy, Ocala.	Oh, Florida.
To be fair it has been raining the entire time :P	He thought it was an slip and slide. 
Happened in Christchurch in New Zealand http://www.stuff.co.nz/timaru-herald/news/7023292/58-000-in-coins-found-on-Christchurch-Street newlinechar Good ol painters returned the money	wow...in my face newlinechar 
Well I don't know what I was expecting.  newlinechar 	But you liked it. 
Thanks. Apparently it was worth it to downvote honest questions though lol	Hey, I got downvoted for posting the correct answer to a question.  Don't let it bother you. newlinechar  newlinechar 
the jail near me serves you a bologna sandwich. two pieces of bread and a piece of bologna.	No double whopper and biggie fries? That must suck.
To be fair, H2 is now the home of new episodes of the Universe, and Modern Marvels.	what?
F you man. Childhood memories coming back right before bed. Memories I've been trying to erase for years. 	Whatever you do, do not click [this](http://www.soshichan.org/g/src/13239844461.gif) then...
Fred and George?	This is the nickname of my friend and I, and we can be identified as 'those funny kids who occasionally took it a little too far'.
Hehehehehe - not that you would have any vested interest. ;)	I'm still allowed to come right?!?
Christian Jacobs did alright with [Yo Gabba Gabba!](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yo_Gabba_Gabba).	He did, but they had to go to the far extreme kid level to get YGG greenlight. [Enjoy this history lesson](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ur4AeawJSTw)
It should tell you something about Ron Paul's campaign/his chances when so called 'trolls' outnumber his supporters on an extremely popular, mainstream website. Just stop pretending people like him. 	Isn't it just darling the way they're even trying to get help *lying to their own mothers?*  newlinechar  newlinechar Liberty! ^TM
&gt;'When done correctly, this method gives you a perfect J every time.' newlinechar  newlinechar 60% of the time, it works every time	Anchorman..... :)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rain_garden	Seconded. Go with a rain garden. I had one for a while and loved it.
Sheeeeeeetttttt	[Sheeeeeeeittttt!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70eU840lc38&amp;feature=related)
They are called [atolls](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atoll). The lagoons in the middle of the atoll can have islands or even smaller atolls inside. I went to the Maldives years ago for a family vacation, absolutely stunning. I recommend it to anyone.	Break it down for us, Airfare, Lodging at a place like this.  What does a guy pay to do this from the states?
After two hours, I think I would have been a little more frustrated and snippy than that. You seem to have handled it well. Kudos.	It was a day and a half later.  I'll cop to referring to Paul as 'a whackjob' at one point during the actual discussion, and agreeing with Dawkins' (when they brought this up) assessment that God is 'an invisible friend for adults.'
Whatever happened to 'do no harm?' newlinechar 	it doesn't strictly apply...but it's a good excuse to say 'the hypocritical hippocratic oath-taker' newlinechar 
You really bang'd her right in the ki-moon, amirite?	So well she cried 'Boutros Boutros Golly!'
Loch'N'Load isn't that skillful of a weapon. It makes hitting people easier at the loss of rollers. 	Yeah, that's true. I prevented myself from listing the direct hit for the same reason... though those tiny splash damage things sure do mix up the soldier.
VON 3D positioning is *the bomb* when playing in a small group. If only the sound quality were a little bit higher.	What is VON?
Nice. Didn't get your comment until I noticed your username...	hhaha yea, i get bored
I live in an apartment complex by CU that has a sand vball court right out front. Free to use and play music as much as you want. Anybody that's interested PM me and we'll set something up.	I'm totally down. Anybody else want to join? I'll bring the beer if someone brings the music. 
really? it's been too long since I read book 3, need to skim through it again.	[ASOS, maybe AFFC spoiler](/b 'Also, it is not Tyrion it is Petyr and Queen of Thorns who kill Joffery. ')
no one's stopping you from typing in that link, guy	But it's really long, phi :P
Upvotes for everyone! newlinechar  newlinechar I was wondering the same thing, I thought someone said Sokka and Toph were cousins. I just read both of their wiki pages and was very confused.	That's the same thought I had!
[Tasty tasty!](http://i.imgur.com/BDuJe.jpg)	Honestly, I want to cry because that looks so delicious. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm on a stupid diet and I am fucking starving. Cheesecake is one of my favourite foods. I hope that you are going to eat the whole thing. 
You=awesome.	I still laugh and fell in the shower the other day at the word pudding or the Bill Cosby show. I'm glad he took it so well 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joke	haha, thank you.
Why exactly were you expecting an easy game? Since the lockout the Wings are 2-3-1 against the Leafs. It's been fairly even I'd say.	I really have no idea haha. I guess I wasn't thinking head to head, but rather Toronto as a whole. They have some pretty good players, but they're not exactly a powerhouse team. I didn't mean any disrespect, just how I was thinking.
Maybe *you* can't.	I can, but only when it's for science.
c'mon Leptumber isn't that far away.	Dohohoho
You can usually tell the difference when people are fishing for downvotes, and being sincere, perhaps the second one is genuine, because it does sound like a prolife argument, but the other's not. 	That was the point I was going to make. There's no reason to believe the top one is a Christian argument, and the bottom is a perfectly reasonable and even sympathetic pro-life argument.
I am going to use every bit of willpower I have to not look at that	I tried to make it spoiler-free spoiler as possible in case anyone does choose to look.
One buck, but you'll miss out on Bastion if it's less than 7.50	Is it up to 7.50 now? I paid 7.25 for it. Let me lord my saved quarter over you. 
And yet, BoomBoomYeah's comment is being upvoted. Go figure.	and if I'm going to be completely honest, I only commented because I suspect if no one would have voiced their support for you line of though you would have been downvoted fairly heftily. 
REMATCH.	With tOSU? But we hold a 2-1 advantage!
I can see the skags. But the rakks and sylthids (sp)? Actually, I think it's only skags...	the Rakk Hive gained the nickname 'Vagmouth' in my circle of friends. We even started referring to sluts a Rakk Hive. newlinechar 
The finals are the best part. I'm not going just to be pissed because I can't attend the finals. 	That's how I am feeling right now. I want to be in the hype zone.
don't get me wrong - yours is def. a hot MILF.  She just seemed waaayyy too young to be the original 'Pippi' I'd seen in that movie as a kid back in the 70s.  	She was from the widely popular [movie](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0093744/) in 1988.
Ass tweezers. LOL!	Relevant newlinechar  newlinechar http://xkcd.com/37/
I never got a DS so I haven't played Gen 4 or 5	4 is so worth it IMO
Get a 10 inch cast iron skillet.  Less than $20 at walmart.  You can do just about anything with one of these.  It will sit on the stovetop or go in the oven.  You can deepfry or broil.  Essential to any budget minded cook.	Voted 12'.
Does the AUR package help at all? : https://aur.archlinux.org/packages.php?ID=50929 newlinechar  newlinechar I'll definitely buy this Humble Bundle, but I'm concerned about (Arch) Linux compatibility, I haven't been hearing good things.	In my experience compatibility is a bit hit or miss when the bundles first come out but it usually improves once the games get updated 
Not everyone lives in the US.	Well of course, but its creation at least paves the way for it to be in other countries. Rome wasn't built in a day. 
Fuck you, toking skeleton	Oooo herro derr scarif, how ahh you today
And unfortunately are only worth $10 :(	Lol, I bought one of those at a comic con for like $20 when I was a kid.  Thought I'd be rich someday!  
As someone who has found Jacob completely bland in the games, I found this amazing it was a side that the games never showed.	Ha, thank you. :)
I apologize, I didn't know the SR5, Toyota, and 4WD badges were that big on those models. Then again, I don't think I've ever even seen a truck of that year in that good of condition. 	Cool...LOL..You are right. They weren't that big. I just eyeballed the shit, told sign shop a general idea, and that's what I came up with.
Yeah, the contrast between news channels here, and friend's facebook updates was surreal. (I'm from Qld but live in the U.S. now)	Oh, that makes sense. I was pretty surprised that an American knew about the floods.
I would love to put a tangent between her circles.	I wanna stick my dick in her. Easy peasy.
What do you mean by 'click'?	 newlinechar the typing sound...cick, click, peck, click
Actually there are 26 newlinechar 	That took me entirely too long to get.  
You've got to start somewhere.	Your lack of letter format has already ruined this novelty account. newlinechar  newlinechar Delete and start over. newlinechar  newlinechar Your corrupted ruler, newlinechar  newlinechar Princess Molestia
No. A single frame gif would be the exact same file size, for one thing.	And it was, when it was posted about a week ago. Goddammit, OP.
They'll get there someday...As will I. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: But seriously, hormones (maturity is implied, yes?) play a major role for this kind of behavior.	I still remember what it felt like at that age. Boy do I not miss it at all.
And so did I, I even reread it with that in mind and it totally made sense.	Me too, I feel deep shame for some reason.
Now I want to watch Rugrats.	It's on netflix just so you know. 
It's a training city used by the IDF. 	I don't mean to be a know-it-all, but my answer is the correct one.
I used to live there. They have a damn tall church. 	It's a really incredible church, I caught a glimpse of it when I passed through Ulm by train and I was awestruck by its size (the tallest in the world!) newlinechar  newlinechar http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ulm_Minster
I think yes! Usually if you have a goal and smoke you get stuck in what you're doing and ignore the problems in life. Now smoking alone while down I'd say nay, because you are your worst enemy. It's all in your head haha 	Thanks for the advice newlinechar 
Thanks a bunch for sharing that. I got it uploaded and working great. I was wondering though, do you have the version still that doesn't fade out? 	Sure. I'll upload it now.  newlinechar  newlinechar [Spy Head Alone](http://www.2shared.com/file/p2T2wLFv/head.html)
*[Aileron roll](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aileron_roll).	Thank you. Fucking Starfox has ruined an entire generation's knowledge of aerial combat maneuvers.
Proof?	[Proof]
Dont you hate it when you get legitimate answers to your questions instead of sarcastic remarks and attempts at humor?	Well, y' know. Sometimes.
He/she could be a bartender, cook or janitor. Only the waiters are blind I think. 	U WIN!
I know they're different, but whenever I see 'kekeke,' my mind always immediatley jumps to 'HUEHUEHAUHEA' newlinechar  newlinechar When did people stop saying 'haha?'	Probably when someone came up with 'lol'
Agreed. The US has nothing that interests me anymore. 	Well I'm from Montreal, and the only notable artists from here is Jacques Greene, and maybe Lunice, Purity Ring and Grimes. But even those pass way more time in the UK than here :&lt;
Fluffy can be Grawp's pet dog.  A match made in heaven. 	*And they all lived happily ever after in a flying Ford Anglia*
I thought you bought that at 7-Eleven?	Yeah well I kinda did, With all the earnings as top gun. Soo think before you speak.
same here.... dad?	Yep, but not yours.
10-4 Good Buddy. You will be the first person I report back to!	&lt;3 good luck.
bear in the big blue house	that also reminds me of the book Goodnight Moon
Dahmer just wanted a zombie sex slave. A mindless body that he could do dirty things with. 	He should've checked out Real Dol...uhm Guys
Browsing on my phone in the ER, was not expecting this, everyone's staring at me now....	Tell them I say hi. Please.
But that's because they corrupted him.	He put gum in Britta's hair. newlinechar 
he was born in Maryland, although who the fuck cares really	Really? I guess I don't know my shit. And Banks has developed a solid fanbase over the past couple years including me as a pretty devout fan.
If you keep punning it up, you may have your own erotic short to slap up online. 	I feel like everything I learned during my 7 years at an all boys middle/high school has culminated in this one thread haha. 
But Austin has this thing called culture to make up for it.	Austin does have some culture. I enjoy my visits.
is it three?	well four if they saw Avengers twice
its true. New episodes of those two shows have been moved to the subsidiary channel.	well i know what channel i'm going to try and find tomorrow
I found this comment extremely amusing. 	Thanks. Glad you enjoyed it. 
[*oh ok* **the name of that one plus the pic of the first would be perfect**](//#insanitywolf)	[*I know right?!??* **le peTITion le mods for name switches plz**](//#musicallyoblivious)
Fuuuuuuuuuuuck	[Motorcycle helmets you say?](http://i.imgur.com/t9kA6.jpg)
And during that month, a generation will have that horrid image stuck into their minds for the rest of their days.	You misspelled fabulous.
I did not get any extra pay but they paid for the medical bills. 	I would have tried guilting them into getting you some extra pay.  Maybe not money, but a cool souvenir like a grenade or missile launcher, or a tank or something.
Emergency contraceptives dont abort fetuses... 	Many people who are against abortion put it in the same category. It make no sense, but that's reality. That doctor probably literally felt they'd be murdering a baby.
It was a gift, and I was young and junked the box before looking at the instructions.  Also?  I'm kinda dumb. newlinechar  newlinechar  	Oh.  Well, here's to your newfound enjoyment of a superb piece of  engineering. 
It's really weird how they pick certain things to tinker with.  I can understand nerfing the clearly overpowered loadouts, but little things like supression and foregrip penalties and aim bonuses are just plain strange.	I actually love the suppression how it is, just wish bullets didn't deviate.  The little adjusts to the fore grip and suppression escape me however.
The commander can afford the subscription for all of the guys he's 'requiring' to buy.  That's just me though.	True enough, I think a crusty NCO would be better than decades of magazines.... But moral of the story being don't piss off the guy that writes your OER
It really did didn't it? I got some serious goosebumps after that. This guy is clearly very talented and I really appreciate the effort he puts into doing this just so we can all get a bit of enjoyment.	Wow talk about adding intensity, your comment did! Thanks :)
Would you believe me if I said that I was	Do an AMA!
There's that one part that sounds *really* flat (shortly after 1:50) that I don't like, but other than that, this is brilliant. c:	Ohhh yeah, I agree. I cringed when it happened.
It's chrome ls can be downloaded [here](http://nardoxic.deviantart.com/art/Chrome-Slider-LS-278879014)	Can you explain how to do this? Sorry, i'm new to jailbreaking and am not to good at tweaking yet. 
youve clearly never had good acid	I've had plenty, and this definitely happens early on
hahahaha! dude, i was like a giggly school girl when i saw her...I didn't know i was capable of BLUSHING!!!! lol newlinechar 	No, I mean air-*brushed*, not blushed. I mean your arm looks like the smoothest fucking thing on the planet, like a baby's bottom. You must moisturise the shit out of that haha.
Call *me* when you can piss with the *lid* down. newlinechar  newlinechar Loose.	I once pee'd in the sink.
You've no idea how much I'd like to get my tongue around your toes and lick those soles......	My toes love attention!
you're so good!	[why thank you!](http://i.imgur.com/juDun.png)
imma be rich	hahaha i love the way he says that. i just rewatched it
So you're one of THOSE friends, huh?	I think I am that friend. I am always happy to hear from people, and am ALWAYS there if a friend calls and is in need, but I just don't ever think to initiate contact... I am trying to work on it. I feel bad. 
So true. Part B is what prevents me from getting gay divorced.  newlinechar  newlinechar LEGALIZE GAY DIVORCE NOW!	:{ i hope you aren't actually looking for a gay divorce.
Make sure to heat it a little before drinking (not on an open flame) - it'll decarboxylate the THC and make it much stronger.	Why is the most important reply all the way down on the bottom. People need to check out 'decarboxylation' on Google to see how important it is!
If anything it sounds like it would make you want to go in...	Not with those tentacles in there, I didn't.
Mine is more Thor like but he has his Loki moments. ;)	[Here's a nice rapey Loki / Window fic for you!](http://www.fanfiction.net/s/8136135/1/Of_Spiders_and_Webs)
Congratulations, everyone - we made it a whole seven comments related to Metallica before someone brought up Megadeth, besting the previous record by two.	If it'd make you feel better, I could change it to Joey DeMaio...
Just finished considering toad options for my motorhome. Here are a few 2000 lbs cars. Mazda Miata. VW beetle, Suzuki Samurai. The Smart Car weighs about 1500 lbs.	Most Toyotas on an AE90 chassis or something similar are around that weight range.
Except you can't have sicilian or thick crust or stuffed pizza or extra large or a calzone ...  ;)	There are calzones now. :)
There are many a chicks that rebagle guys with glasses like that on tumblr. If you're going for the cute look, keep the glasses. If you're looking for the party-goer, I'd say drop them. This is advice coming from one of your kind though.	What in the holy hell does rebagle mean?
*in 30 minutes	PA doesn't need 30m to bring pain, 15-20 is just fine as well. 30m is where it starts to get silly.
There's a Hart, there's a Hart . . . (remix)	A hand to hold on to (The one Mae Young gave birth to).....
Since it hasn't been mentioned yet, here's the obligatory **don't get a Tablet PC** advice for engineers. Just get [the laptop you want](http://www.amazon.com/Zenbook-UX31E-DH72-13-3-Inch-Ultrabook-Aluminum/dp/B005USC9LA/) along with an external USB tablet. You'll end up getting a much better computer for a comparable price.	Mind going more into this? newlinechar  newlinechar Or have a link/source with more info if there is any. newlinechar  newlinechar I was about to order my tablet, Mechanical Engineering student.
Also, he was a fucking jerk. newlinechar  newlinechar He did an interview earlier in the season before the second leg of Arsenal v AC Milan, and said that Wenger offered him a trial at the club. His reponse to it in the interview was 'Inbrahimovic doesn't do auditions'.	His comments are the 4-0 win against us were very insulting. Telling Van Persie to join a club of better 'skill' and such. I hope he felt just like we felt after that 3-0 loss.
Satatory?	Like, when you rape a state... I'm pretty sure.   [Edit: apparently my brain compensates too much, read as 'statatory']
It is.  Michigan just recently removed the law requiring helmets on the street but that hasn't been updated on the site.	Love the username.
[Found the video!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_z3ujDAzsOY)	Goddamn Brits making me swoon. I swear, if ever I fly across the pond to England, my metaphorical ovaries would be in a state of constant combustion. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, he hits X a lot. Is that how FIFA works?
It was a day and a half later.  I'll cop to referring to Paul as 'a whackjob' at one point during the actual discussion, and agreeing with Dawkins' (when they brought this up) assessment that God is 'an invisible friend for adults.'	I'm not sure if I should feel better than I'm not alone in having a low threshold for stupidity, or if I should feel bad that more people are as easily irked as I am.
Ditto! I'm glad to see I'm not the only parent that wants to remind the entire class of what's usually forgotten.	I calendar everything now as an adult, but I was ALWAYS the kid that looked like crap in the pictures because either I never told my mom/she didn't remember - I feel bad for that kid.
this kills the penis.	Perfectly placed comment
Nice try Levi's. newlinechar  newlinechar jk but yea I've been interested in trying them but they're pretty expensive.	Worth the purchase. They're the only jeans I wear now. 
sorry i got my power users mixed up. it was confirmed by andrewsmith, not BEP. 	Same difference. 
Yes I am. I don't comment too often because I've only had a small handful of LD's. 	Sweet! :D Eh, so? newlinechar  newlinechar So have I... (23) But I have a very broad theoretical knowledge on the subject so I try and help out people as much as I can... I say people should learn lots of theory before going on to the practical.. :P
As if there is a right way to play roulette...	Always bet on black!  And then lose 20/38 times.
Honestamente, no entiendo por que te downvotean.      newlinechar  newlinechar No digo que el grafico no sea cierto, pero me gustaria ver como hizo.	Usuarios falsos de reddit downvotean users criticos del gobierno.  Este domingo por Periodismo para Todos.
aw my plan has been thwarted	*I still think you're innocent.*
There was something on that cosmopolitan website about sliding a donut around a dick and then having a girl bite it off and eat it. That better be one damn good donut.	hmm I tried that once, the donut doesn't fit, and i got glaze in my hair. Plus donut + dick isn't the tastiest combo. 
If you can handle it, you may like the card game Mao.	No talking. 
Who cares if it's for advertisement or not? They're a business, of course the move is calculated to make them money. At the end of the day it still goes towards 'normalising' the concept of a gay relationship in the eyes of the public which is a good thing.	Absolutely.  Just because they're benefiting from it too doesn't make it a bad thing.  Hell, let's hope it catches on, unless it comes to the point where businesses are publicly supporting the issue and then turning around and funding anti-gay shit.  
It was free when I downloaded it	I need to get my top men to look into this. 
Have the explanations helped?   	Yes. They have.
I'm from New Zealand. We're too far away from any team worth playing except Australia, who are quite a way ahead of us. We've just played 2 friendlies in Texas (I think), against Honduras and El Salvador because it's easier to go over there for a couple of weeks.	That's interesting.  I didn't consider the geographic possibilities as a reason.
What's the definition of an optimist? And Ethiopian in a dinner jacket.	How do you circumcise an Ethopian?  Nail his dick to the ground and throw a slice of bread in front of him.
When this is done were going back to Darius.	NO, DRAVEN!!
Not really a lullaby but... newlinechar Tarable and Matt Damon sitting in a tree, newlinechar K-I-S-S-I-N-G, newlinechar First comes love, newlinechar Then comes marriage, newlinechar Then comes an abrupt, tragic, miscarriage, newlinechar Matt leaves Tarable and takes the tree, newlinechar D-I-V-O-R-C-E.	BAhahahahaa!!!!!!
Turn back to page 34 for a different adventure. 	Oh, fine... newlinechar  newlinechar Let me see...ok....ok....right, go back there...aaaaaand.... newlinechar  newlinechar Fuck me, I'm a pillar of salt. The author of this is one sadistic bastard.
*Definitely.	You just corrected gibberish. newlinechar  newlinechar Your username lies! 
Hahaha. HUMBLE BUNDLE VI WILL BE MY TIME TO SHINE!	Did you have something in particular you wanted? If so, I could let you have one!
Every time I see Taz do anything not commentary related, my little inner mark wants nothing more than the Human Suplex Machine to start fucking people up. 	Fuck 'em up Taz Fuck 'em up *clap clap* 
No.	Fucking too much meta. I'll just downvote myself on the way out. This place is stupid. Fuck you, reddit.
[Golden calf](http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Exodus%2032&amp;version=ESV)	Forgive me, but I don't see the relevance. Could you explain?
can't say I do	I get some of my best ideas while doing the dishes.  Alas, I have a washing machines now . . .
Usually you can buy what you want in the crate by trading the key you were going to use.	NOW you tell me
That is very well done and highly detailed. One question, what mod did you use to turn the turrets?	This is what I came here to ask, how the ef did he get the gun batteries to move?
as bad as some of those things sound, your not dead and that fills me with some strange form of hope, if i can just concentrate on the highs then i guess things wont look so bad newlinechar thankyou for taking the time to reply it really means alot	Yes, if you take your medications and not fall into traps like alcoholism and drug addiction you should probably make to at least 45 and probably further. You just have to be more on top of things than other people.
I'm not saying I'm entitled to an answer. Did you ever say that you would not answer?	Don't feed the parasprites.
No, he didn't even get 1%.	Then how is the Libertarian party getting matching funds?
So, an Orc?	No, I think he's pointing out the nose on the woman on the left is drawn up and looks kind of pig-ish.
The more I think about that game, the more I realize how bad it is. Despite that, I still love playing some city trial with a few friends.	What did he say? And why would he delete it when he has 20 upvotes?
It's a saying. You add 'right' to a noun and it's kind of like an amplifier. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;I felt like a right jackass 	Interesting, I'll keep an ear out for this.
and having a glowing neon blue ring in your chest makes for a good conversation starter.	Plus, the ladies dig it. 
Can I ask ask why you joined a gym in a gay village? It seems as if that would have a very *particular* target market (read: Old, gay dudes)	Is it just me or is this a double standard?   newlinechar  newlinechar There are areas straight people can live without feeling comfortable going to the gym / walking down the street, afraid of being harassed by gay dudes?
You signed up to liberty classroom too?	Never heard of it.
[I beg to differ, NC is my favorite state because of this place](http://imgur.com/a/E5xdK)	Where exactly is that? Would love to visit it next time I'm in the state. 
I went, I wouldn't go on an early date with someone there, it gets pretty messy and you end up eating with your hands. It makes for a great double date between friends though =)	most customers will, and i know they love my food as i see the plates coming back , licked down. i can sometimes see digital prints from the fingers to :)
Nope. newlinechar  newlinechar You can't have the full gaming repertoire without handhelds. :)	Android running an emulator.
MY BODY IS NOT READY MY BODYYYYYYYY IS NOT READYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY	I TOLD YOU THAT WAS THE WRONG HOLE! NEVER AGAIN!
The 4th Season isn't on Netflix. So, if you haven't seen the 4th Season, a lot of the clips won't make sense to you. 	Don't worry, I'll be purchasing the 4th season soon. I just hope that one day, this show is better than The Wire.
I remember doing this with Elmer's glue back when I was in elementary school... is this what the kids are doing these days?	You still think that was Elmer's glue back then?
You can take the DC metro from Union Station to the College Park metro station. I'm from NJ, so I take Amtrak down as well. It's a pretty easy trip. 	There's also a bus from the metro to Stamp (Student union).
You might try a little harder with your photography but that's a nice gat.	Sorry for that
Oooo herro derr scarif, how ahh you today	thanks doitfortheloz...wait newlinechar 
no probs	Really? newlinechar 
What songs have you made?	Well, so far this is my most popular one. :3 newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar http://soundcloud.com/neverendingmusic/let-the-bass-drop-vinyl 
Bueno, para algo sirven, aunque sea for amusement purposes.  newlinechar  newlinechar Cuando es por temas poltico/econmicos, es fcil adivinar de donde vienen esos downvotes, y todava me dura el dolor de panza de tanto rerme cuando vi que me downvoteaban por sostener que la economa es una ciencia.	Y ya me dieron otro. Bring it on guys, tengo 22557 puntos invisibles de internet para gastar. 
'Teeth are a must'	'the screaming is just his way of saying thank you'
EDIT: Actually, a transparent .png is the format I need.	[Here you go](http://i.imgur.com/dT6qK.png). I'll get my other designs done as soon as possible.
Induatrial design, maybe?  I am a ChemE ng and started out designing better diapers, so who knows	That sounds like a shitty job newlinechar  newlinechar http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/234/772/71e.jpg
It was extremely hard to get that Chansey top to spin right. However, the Magnemite top perfectly fit my hand and spun hardcore.	Graveller was lopsided as well, magnemite was indeed the shit.
The Penis of SAFETY! newlinechar  newlinechar Bring the girls!	I'm a girl! Please allow me into your Penis of Safety!
Basically if you arent shooting macro/extreme portraits no need to worry about it. If you are break out your tape measure and measure from those marks to your area of critical focus. Hope that helps.	So technically you would get practically perfect focus? newlinechar  newlinechar Also, you can't angle the tape measure if you know what I mean.  It seems like you would have to keep the tape measure perpendicular to that plane, no?
I think that being happy is far more important than caring about things. Maybe if we lived for three or four hundred years. As it is, your life is too short to be balanced and healthy.	See, I'm exactly the opposite.  I think what you can do for the rest of the world is far more important than how much you enjoy yourself.
The worst part is, the water monster is invisible. newlinechar  newlinechar You'd have to touch the water in the tank and look for splashes.	goddammit newlinechar 
Yeah that might be a good idea lol, I just gulped it down in like 5 minutes, now I feel like shit. I can't bend over or I might throw up.	*dang*. yeah, go like... lay down or something. haha. 
You're not helping the case against zero-sum so far...	Do I really need to give you a basic economics lesson?
I can see it now... newlinechar  newlinechar 'You fucked with the wrong nigga' *scratch*	Its just another moment in which I wish we had translators for animals much like Doug from Up! God that would have been fantastic...
Is your wifi wep or wpa? I can get you those two plus anything [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/comments/ud3og/4th_giveaway_starters_pseudo_legendaries_pokerus/) that takes your fancy	I believe that it is WPA2. Why do you ask?
It's illegal for Americans to visit Cuba for the purposes of tourism, so actually, it's very much taboo.	It's about as taboo as illegal downloads.  So, yeah, it's illegal...but none of the Americans I've known who have visited have had the slightest hassle.
Woah!	Where is 'whoa_not_woah' when we need him? 
Bad idea	Unless you come to the sexytime party with running shoes on.
[](/kyot)	[*No chance, no way newlinechar I won't say it, no, no newlinechar You swoon, you sigh newlinechar why deny it, uh-oh newlinechar It's too cliche newlinechar I won't say I'm in love*](/dolanfull)[*fakn Hercules*](/gooby3)
Like, it's just the horrible framing that has us up in arms. Your face is in the top half of the picture and it just kinda looks like you're shoving your face in our face. newlinechar  newlinechar Nothing against you personally.	:c Just trying trying to be cute in my new tank top, I'm sorry.
Cool...LOL..You are right. They weren't that big. I just eyeballed the shit, told sign shop a general idea, and that's what I came up with.	I actually like it quite a bit. I think that might be a project for me when I settle on a 4wd Toyota. :D 
Haha, wish that were me. Those are just looks I like. I kind of misread the intention of the title and posted things that inspire me :/	Ah, mmkay.  It happens.  :P
&gt;The GPU. Just like with a CPU, the higher the number, the better ... mostly newlinechar  newlinechar No. newlinechar  newlinechar 	May I bother you to explain why not?
But...how to get undies back up?	Secret weapon: le Bf. 
That's... wow... *nice*	Once I masturbated with Nair on accident. Always check labels.
For Tip #2, you accidentally a verb.	Thank you.  Tip number two has fixed.  ;) newlinechar  newlinechar 
holy fuck im wet. I haven't had the luxury of player housing since UO!	Well, dry mops are pretty useless.
Do share. Which blog? Where blog? Am always looking for places where I cam learn.	Mine is &lt;http://packetlife.net&gt;, and [here's a list](http://packetlife.net/wiki/networking-blogs/) of many more.
i recently discovered jerk off instructions (JOI) and i think if done right, it can be better than porn. http://www.reddit.com/r/gonewildaudio newlinechar  newlinechar i guess you can call it audio erotica? anyways, just wanted to get your thoughts on this. 	I think that audio books of erotica could make a killing.  I've not gotten around to that, but if you get a nice smooth radio voice doing narration it could be like having dirty talk whispered into your ear on the way to the bank.  
so how do you craft stuff? Can you still get wood?	My guess is no, but adventure maps give you things like weapons if they want you to have them so you never need to break wood.
[Me](http://i.imgur.com/gV7oI.jpg) newlinechar  newlinechar [Reference](http://i.imgur.com/GK2sU.jpg)	Well...I...Just... newlinechar  newlinechar [&gt;_&gt;](http://i.imgur.com/vfgeg.jpg) newlinechar  newlinechar As far as I know, I don't look like any celebrities. I'm a unique gal.  newlinechar 
Gary Oak..or as he was known in all my Pokemon games 'my dick'	Well he was a pussy, after all.
Great. Now that you've taken gay marriage off the menu, the idiots will have to find something else to complain about...	Well they could complain about all the people complaining about the complaining.
I'm still allowed to come right?!?	Depends... are you going to behave?
Bleach shirts, glass etching, needle felting, shrinky dinks	I really like the glass etching idea...I could run to thrift stores and get random glassware.
&gt;this site will less without him	You heard it here, folks: Alacritous *has* been so far as to do want look like.
Not hardly.	Yeah, on the way home I thought 'Oh, I bet he's part of the crew or something.' Looks like I wasn't too far off.
Lol...no control groups. Needs a placebo. This wasn't published in a journal, or peer reviewed.	http://www.reddit.com/r/Fitness/comments/uey50/hair_loss_weight_lifting_and_whey_protein/c4ut1tu  newlinechar  newlinechar what do you think?
Too bad he cant do that for us. 	We also don't play competition that just let's you waltz up to the penalty box...
Does not look like that.	the metaphysical symbol for the part of your brain that controls love and such does though. It also goes by the same name as the organ that pumps blood
[And his internet dick grew 5x too big that day.]( http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/019956180X/ref=as_li_qf_sp_asin_il_tl?ie=UTF8&amp;tag=as004b-20&amp;linkCode=as2&amp;camp=1789&amp;creative=9325&amp;creativeASIN=019956180X) newlinechar 	5 times nothing is sadly, still nothing
What about it? Something about unions or right-to-work laws I suppose?	I'm not a big fan of their toilet paper products.
or bolted on the side of the car like the rest of us do	Dude... Why would you clean your ears with your car keys?
He's talking about his family.	Ah. That makes a lot more sense.
I think we all read the joke.	i think dondriver's sentence structure makes it much funnier
Incoming SRS.	http://i.imgur.com/0GUiM.gif
Honestly, no. We made a ridiculous amount of money this year both directly and indirectly from the CL. Between TV revenue, prize money, merchandise sales, and a new sponsorship deal on the way from Samsung, we'll be fine.	Also Audi
I see Etho, paulsoaresjr, luclin.... Umm.. PyraoPuncher, maybe Pause in the dirt skin... kurtjmac. Yea. ;) newlinechar  newlinechar Guude and Bdubs... Not bad on my end. 	More than me...  I saw Yogscast..   but they were up front with Notch..  my old eyes couldn't pick up the people in the back. I need a bigger picture =(
History Deportes? Does that show documentaries about pre-20th century athletic competition on the Iberian peninsula? newlinechar  newlinechar edit: History etc. I'm familiar with, that's the one where they talk about back when the aliens nuked India	If you knew *anything* about aliens you'd realize they gave Ghandi the nuke and he used it himself.
I also got 57, all my allies got 57, and all our foes got 57. That doesn't make much sense. Why would everybody in the team get the same, and more importantly why would loosing team get the same? newlinechar 	Why wouldn't they get the same? All levels do atm is give out items which everyone should get.
Bees, They can go fuck themselves. Scariest monsters on the planet.	Especially those big black beefy bees that like to fly into your face. I think I'd rather an emperor scorpion than a happy yellow bumblebee. Fuck that shit.
Maybe turn down the brightness in settings?	The brightness doesn't matter, there is an intentional blueish glow to allow the player to 'see in the dark.' newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fytI_fwJ2ss&amp;t=0m40s newlinechar  newlinechar Those few seconds illustrate my point well.
His name is Zack I believe...	This guy is correct
She thanks you.  Way off topic, but the highlights really popped in this pic I snapped of her on the Seine http://i.imgur.com/TEhwX.jpg	You're really relishing showing off your cute wife, aren't you? Nothing wrong with that, of course. Carry on then...
You might have 1 or 2 bars on the moon. No coverage on mars	As funny as this sounds, it's true. You could probably get internet up there.
You know you can drag and re-size pictures, don't you?	blew my mind
&gt;I share my world with no one else newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;All by myself, I stand alone newlinechar  newlinechar That's perfect. newlinechar  newlinechar I submit [this one](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBzlKHMwK6Q) for consideration, too.	I think I see Rand at 0:42!
Thanks for the advice newlinechar 	Anytime brother :) hope things get better. Times are rough here too, keep on keepin on 
He did, but they had to go to the far extreme kid level to get YGG greenlight. [Enjoy this history lesson](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ur4AeawJSTw)	Good point.(Nice video, too!) newlinechar  newlinechar He did good with YGG, though. Not quite what he may have wanted...but good all the same.
It's a beautiful gun, what did you pay for it.	This was actually given to my dad as a retirement gift of 26 years dedicated to the army special forces. He passed it down to me not too long ago.
That wasn't very insightful...	It was douchey though. 1/2 aint bad.
People in Miami don't like riding the bus because they think it reflects poorly on their socioeconomic status. Trams and metros seem posh to Miamians; they remind us of Europe and New York while buses just envoke images of the serving classes of South and Central America.	That's pretty much everywhere in the USA with rare exceptions. As one of my favorite authors James Kunstler says, busses in the USA should have a sign above the door that says 'LOSERS ENTER HERE'. It's a sad state of affairs and it does not have to be that way.
But, but, you've never posted in r/gonewild and the one boobs shot (lovely by the way) was not exactly in an erotic context. I'm not saying you should test N69's hypothesis (you can if you want), but you certainly haven't disproved it.	This isn't my only account.
Class A+... Honors douchbaggery even... 	Summa Cum Laude Douchebag. Double majoring in Scumbag. 
I'm not sure i'd want to get either until they've proven to be good. I'm thinking about either getting Torres or Ramires for next season! 	Interesting how you say that and still consider getting a torres. newlinechar  newlinechar I kid I kid
I was go kart bitch for a while. people would crash and I'd go put them back on course. 	So... you're Lakitu?
Not sure if Costco sells this but [Tito's](http://titosvodka.com/) is an amazing vodka. I used to buy Grey Goose but it can get pricey. Tried this on a whim. Great taste, smooth, much cheaper than GG, and no headache whatsoever the next day. 	Tito's is surprisingly great vodka considering the cost.
*was white.	He might still be white... hell, might actually be whiter
seeing this as the top comment BLUE MY MIND.	[Whoa](http://bbsimg.ngfiles.com/1/20057000/ngbbs4ab6bd560dfdc.jpg)
Around that yes:)	Oh my goodness, great job!  Congratulations!
Sousaphone 	That's pretty cool. I play snare on my high school's line. But I play 3rd bass during indoor season.
Fuck it right in the ear.	/r/Fuckcancer 
Well that's kind of hilarious. New Jersey is built on top of a pile of trash. 	What else is new?
Posted the same thing, almost word for word, then saw you beat me. Congratulations I love you.	Now kiss.
If you didn't notice, we're not in beta anymore.	If you didn't notice, it wasn't included in the basic retail version, only introduced in the (~recent) patch
Popovich did the math.   newlinechar  newlinechar Furious Duncan, Parker, Ginobili &gt; Exhausted Duncan, Parker, Ginobili.  	That's good math. 
The ratio of people to cake is too big.	I could burn this place down
It would be rough but at the same time I don't really see a lot of opportunity in the current system for normal working class people like myself so whatever. Go for it. Hit the reset button. 	If you make things people need, your safe really.
Ulfric offered it to me through the civil war questline. You might have to do the quest where you find out who the butcher is (very short, starts in windhelm graveyard), but jorleif lets you fix it up afterwards. newlinechar 	Damn rebels!
my advice on buying a radiator/condensor/heatercore/anything of the like at a junkyard: newlinechar  newlinechar buy a new one.	Came here to say this. Some parts are OK to get from used cars, I would never trust a Radiator from one.
Yep.	FUCK YEAH.
This.	That.
Ahm Auld Greigg! Ah gotta mangina!	Wanna see some of my watercolours?
Chelsea is adding Hulk and Hazard to a squad that just won the Champions League. I don't see that happening. Scary thing is, Chelsea might not be finished signing 	Yea but you have to admit, luck was their best player this season in the CL. I don't think that they will win it again. But they will be a force to be reckoned with for sure. I guarantee that they couldn't win it again playing defensively 
I believe that it is WPA2. Why do you ask?	From what I've seen you need wep to get 4th gen games online, can you change your security to wep?
I'm so sad they gave into all the whining.	You need to not pay attention to the whiny posts. Its just they didn't handle the situation well and wanted something big but couldn't accomplish it. I don't see whats bad about doing something they have done before whine or not. 34% is a bit sucky.
Yeah, after a few patches, it wasn't really more or less horrible than Windows 98, but like Vista, the damage was already done and nobody really trusted it.	to be fair, i have the most up to date version of vista i can get and it's not that much better than it was when i first got it newlinechar 
And why are there always Twilight comparisons?  is it because 50 Shades of Grey is just as badly written as Twilight, or is there more to the comparison?	It is actually a slightly retooled Twilight fanfiction. Mostly just name changes, and that is all. Publishing company wanted to cash in on it, so they helped her substitute the names. So, yes. It's a bit deeper than that. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, it is equally shitty.
What's the difference? What would you do differently it it is just an illusion?	Honestly, I don't think it would change me much. I would continue to live the life I currently live (even though I technically wouldn't have a choice on the matter). I just think it is a fascinating question.
This exact 3-comment chain makes an appearance every single time there's a 'most offensive joke' thread going on.  newlinechar  newlinechar I don't have a point, I just found it to be of interest.	You are like some sort of Reddit *anthropologist*, observing the detailed and repetitive rituals of Reddit culture that may forever remain impenetrable and even unknowable to us. newlinechar  newlinechar There, I changed it to anthropologist. Is everyone happy now? 
Cool. Where can I go to get high and read about this?	[Elder Scrolls Lore](http://www.uesp.net/wiki/Lore:Main_Page)
I think it was that this kind of advertisement is illegal in this place but painting isn't.	Those buildings are right across from E3 and commonly have ads on them for the event. I'm fairly sure I've seen billboards there before. 
Didn't have*	Wrong. You wouldn't buy head and shoulders if you didn't have dandruff. If she had used it, it would be in her bathroom, not in her car. 
tis actually my sister. We live in Ontario, so unless you are Canadian then i doubt it. But if so.. fuck yeah	Welp, never mind. Striking resemblance still
[*I know right?!??* **le peTITion le mods for name switches plz**](//#musicallyoblivious)	###LE CARL SAGAN COULD JUST BE LE 'CARLSAGAN' OR LE 'SMOKEWEEDEVERYDAY', AND NEODESTINY IS LE FINE, BUT WE NEED LE FACE LAT FITS LE IDIOTS 
My guess is no, but adventure maps give you things like weapons if they want you to have them so you never need to break wood.	this is correct, it would be up to the map maker to supply you with wood, but if they did you would be able to craft it into a sword or something if there was a bench in the map
lucky you! mine just get frustrated and yell, but apparently I am a good arguer when I'm still groggy. 	I feel you man, mine haven't learned I'm not one to be too cheery with if i wake up early.
Really? Where are you at?	indianapolis newlinechar 
I think Diablo III + the sudden 1 week server downtime were the two major factors in this. newlinechar  newlinechar While I do have StealthBot up, it's on my laptop and I'm still trying to work the kinks out of this desktop.	ah...Zoen my man, that little blue dude is my only comfort at times.
You can artificial diamonds (i.e. diamonds created in a lab). Guaranteed conflict free. Or you could do cubic zirconia.	I looked into artificial diamonds but they simply don't look right. They have a distinctly different coloring and seem to refract a completely different spectrum (I have no idea if I'm using those words properly). IMO it's pretty evident that they aren't naturally formed diamonds. 
Yes. r/bodybuilding	That seems pretty hard to find, they should name it something easier.
Yep, that's her... Vanessa Hudgens. Saw that picture about a year ago when it became kinda viral.	it leaked like 5 years ago.
Do not skip step 2!	Seriously. Do NOT skip step 2.
Egyptians:waste lifetime building useless pyramids::redditor:waste lifetime building useless karma	&gt;useless pyramids newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/Tczr4.jpg
Sorry no, this is a fan edit done by my roommate... actually quite a long time ago, it's funny to see it on Reddit. lol	Bummer... I was really stoked there for a second!
[*No chance, no way newlinechar I won't say it, no, no newlinechar You swoon, you sigh newlinechar why deny it, uh-oh newlinechar It's too cliche newlinechar I won't say I'm in love*](/dolanfull)[*fakn Hercules*](/gooby3)	[*le brave*](/dolan)[*le movie*](/gooby2)
Or just don't buy Halo 4	Upvoted you because I hate butt hurt fanboys who senselessly disapprove of people refusing to buy their favorite game with a passion. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, your comment makes a whole lot of fucking sense.
You hear him on that Oh No track? Another good one. DOOM is ageless!	Just finished listening to it. Super clean. Feeling like this is going to be a big year for DOOM. Only took him like 4 years. I haven't heard new shit since I was a wee freshman. 
How can I tell if it has been cleaned?  Doesn't look to me that it has been but if it has it was a long time ago before I was born.	NGC lists an 1893O in EF at $558. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.ngccoin.com/poplookup/NumismediaPricing.aspx?SubCatID=49&amp;Designation=MS&amp;PopSubCat=Morgan-Dollars
Well, I don't see why not... What would they do instead?	I agree that it is the obvious solution I was just commenting on how cool it is that Luis von Ahn himself takes time to answer.
Maybe you go back in time to get the snow elves to help you for the side you choose to help fight against the other side. If that makes any sense.	Sorry for being a dick and correcting you, but the Elder Scroll only let's you watch something from the past. You cannot intervene.
Thor is like an ant to someone holding the infinity gauntlet. Less than an ant. It's more like Thor (&amp; his hammer) are to Infinity Gauntlet as a single celled organism (with no infectious abilities) is to all of the Avengers Combined. 	In the Marvel cinematic universe we don't yet know what the Infinity Gauntlet can do, it's relative power merits or even if the issue will come up (I, for one, suspect/hope that it will).
The hero r/thelastairbender deserves, but not the one it needs. A silent guardian, a watchful protector.	[LOL](http://i.imgur.com/yyL9l.jpg) and I searched for the biggest one I could find so you could actually see the implied ROFL
Or in her case, 63-year-old.	Ouch! newlinechar  newlinechar Maybe he can sue Geelong Grammar because he didn't get the Head-of-State job he wanted in a timely manner.
I really wanted that link to be real.	As a gay man, I was very disappointed.
Wait...who cares about the media? Just kidding, triplejdude, shneidan, and murphy. 	cry :-(
I believe it was just_defy that pretty much confirmed this. Someone made a thread here suggesting pairs, and he commented 'Season 7' newlinechar Team speculation time?	If Guude and Bdubs aren't together then i'm going to sad.
It'll probably die down in the next couple of days. 	I sure hope not. I love the Warrior Wizard.
Clearly, he's not playing enough eve	Blow up friend's cars, take money, buy EVE?
I'm telling you, it's been hard, and expensive, living here...and I've only been here fr TWO months. FML. 	Oh shit. I got bad new for you. It gets cold there, too. Good luck.
why did she leave in tears?	Ok honestly, this movie is the only movie to actually make me cry. I'm not talking about shedding a tear but full blown crying. Tears streaming down my face and heavy sobs. I am a 21 yo male and have no shame. 
gotta drink it out of a can. Then you can make gestures without worrying about spilling your wine. newlinechar 	Franzia+Empty soda=CANZIA!
I have no idea what to say to this.	[nothin'. just sit back, grab some popcorn, and watch.](http://i17.photobucket.com/albums/b85/cool_dude100/popcorn.gif)
I did	Alright, then there is nothing to see here folks! Move along.
I think we might have the same Grandmother.	Great Scott!!!
That's like asking if any black people want to attend a KKK meeting.	Any black people want to go to a... *oh*
I'd be fine with just the mane sub's set.	We are actually trying to get some special emotes just for this sub, it will be... Special
I dont blame you. Stupid internet. I have seen people go toxic from Vit D. They should seek medical attention right away. Could cause organ damage.	Would you also go toxic from having to many Calcium supplements?
Fuck 'em up Taz Fuck 'em up *clap clap* 	ECW: Them's was some quality chants.
A duck!	Who Are you who is so knowledgeable in the ways of science?
Idk if I want Dinho playing in Seattle. He isn't close to the same player as he was at AC Milan and no where close to what he was at Barcelona. 	He's still better than any of your creative players.
Have you seen the bottom of the page? You're scarring Sweetie Belle with all this talk!	Don't worry Sweetie belle. You're fine as long as you balance your sugar intake juuuuust right. So be sure to eat, but not too much sugar, or you'll die! Diabetes could sneak up on you at any moment and you'll never know.
She looks to be pretty happy the way she is.	drugs, man.
Oh, I see what you mean. In that case, same for me. No being a leader still, but helping others is pretty much my favorite thing to do. newlinechar  newlinechar [](/flutterblush 'Awwww, thanks Waky. I'd come to you for help.')	 [](/lsquee-raritybestponi 'And on a completely unrelated note: when are we gonna play LoL togethar?')
um what is that map and where can i get it?	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AWy3yokHQUU
What if it's a very masculine gay man?	What's more masculine than having sex with a *man*.
Still downvoted.	Dm;sd
My name is Buck, and I like this truck.	he had bucks in a truck truck truck newlinechar  newlinechar Antlers like what what what newlinechar  newlinechar Baby move your buck buck buck
A black man walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder. The bartender ask, 'That's very exotic. Where'd you get that?' The parrot says,'Africa.'	Why don't black people go on cruises? newlinechar They ain't falling for that shit again.
STFU and count my pills, cashier newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar edit: joking, in case it was missed. 	i got that one but thanks :)
His name is Robert Paulson.	His name is Robert Paulson. newlinechar 
Oh my...I'd suck them for hours. Sorry to keep going on about it... I guess I'm a serial commentator on your pics! LOL	I love the comments!!!  Any woman who doesn't like it, hasn't tried it!
was looking for this. that shit makes me feel old and crotchety.	YOLO!
This was at applied systems, no? I worked there when this happened. 	Yep!  She had hit it somewhere outside of Monee I believe.  When she got the 4-way in town there she saw that other people at the stop were looking at her.
Holy shit.. I just made that connection between Tyrael and Tyrael's Charger.	Well that was kind of the whole point...what with Annual Pass giving you Diablo III for free.
Check out the big brain on Brett!	You a smart motherfucker, that's right. :)
Um...no. I don't like voting brigades either, but I'm also not willing to police x-posting. Remember, r/bestof and r/depthhub are voting brigades too, just in the opposite direction.	I was trying to be nice and avoid saying /r/ShitRedditSays.  
Yeah, but how many of those phallic references could turn on a woman audience?	'She grasped the front of his pants and felt his loins surge. She felt her way over to his purple headed yogurt spitter and started choking it...'
That was actually pretty cool	I'm glad you liked it dude :]
I never said that	My apoligies, Unpointsword said it newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/PLM5U.png
already been implemented.	Really? Are the specifics of it on the site? Last time I tried it said they had to have positive power.
It's even worse because you shake the box, hear the plastic bricks rattling, and get all psyched for the greatest of all gifts, the LEGO SET. Then come morning, you rip the wrapping paper off and suddenly the deceit becomes clear.	Christmas is ruined.
Y ya me dieron otro. Bring it on guys, tengo 22557 puntos invisibles de internet para gastar. 	Tom dos de mi parte como compensacin por verte sometida a tanta falta de criterio :P
Well of course, but its creation at least paves the way for it to be in other countries. Rome wasn't built in a day. 	Many companies/games have made similar cards and have been using them for years. Most of them are still yet to be sold outside of the US.
[](/flutterhug)We love you too!	[](/squintyjack)You're not an internet, Qwerty.
What's up, my brothers from other mothers? I, too, am Nick, and I look forward to our meteoric rise to the top of the international power structure!	I'm not named Nick, but I just wanted to say good luck on your 'meteoric rise to the top of the international power structure.'
Pawn Stars is pretty much a vehicle for delivering history lessons, and I think it succeeds at being both entertaining and educational. Obviously it shouldn't take precedence over real documentaries, but it beats garbage about aliens. 	It's like the Antique Roadshow, but they actually buy the stuff at the end of it. And when the guys, mainly Chumlee, do/say funny stuff, it makes the show more enjoyable especially for younger audiences over documentaries.
Sounds familiar, is he the zoom quilt guy?	Nope. He's [this guy](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=FavUpD_IjVY#t=9s).
Everyone on this planet should think of ww2 when they read the word oven.	Well, it's a German thing, we are conditioned to think like that. Other words that make Germans uncomfortable: (Group-)Showers, Soap-production etc.
This seems more and more likely with the success of their straight to DVD series of movies. I'd love to see this get a similar treatment to New Frontier: Animation based on the original art, original creators involved, fantastic cast...	Dont know how Alex Ross's art would transfer well to animation though.
All DOTA keys are taken. Darn! Thanks anyways OP.	You're welcome!
Yup, but its an incredibly sad joke.	Indeed. I'm weeping.
Is human sexuality dynamic or is that speculative? I understand there is a range and all but I've yet to be convinced that sexuality is fluid on an individual level.	It was totally normal for Spartan men and the young boys they mentored to bang each other... prison rape... samurais did each other in the butt... ann heche... 
That isn't hard to do.	SAYS YOU. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm sad now :(
Sometimes I wonder if I want kids for raising them, or because it would virtually guarantee having a regular D&amp;D group.	Just hope you don't have to reroll a new party...takes forever that way.
He's saying that SCP: Containment Breach is better. newlinechar  newlinechar [Link](http://scpcb.wordpress.com/)	oh my god that's gucci as fuck, I had no idea this existed
I wanna make mine like one of those scanners at the supermarket. newlinechar  newlinechar BEEP	Just use a transparent block to place one of the hooks on a note block!
Well, I'll be damned! I don't think many people noticed him in the new Star Trek...at least I didn't. He was daayyyummm gorgeous in Thor, so that's why I think I associate him with that.  	Honestly, if I hadn't noticed 'hey, the guy playing Thor looks an awwwwwful lot like Kirk's dad', I wouldn't have researched it either.  It's a cool coincidence, and the man has some major geek cred now.
Anthony's.  Constantly crowded despite being overpriced, under-flavored, and so noisy it's like dining in the din of a marching band.  Also, it's a chain. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Every Anthony's is like this, unfortunately.
Yo dawg we heard you like burning the hell out of your mouth.	you deserve more upvotes for that.
Well your parent comment was deleted, so there's no context.	Whoever deleted that comment is an evil genius.
'Traps, snares, blinds, dazes, stealths' are really not to do with mobility at all (only lowering your opponents).  newlinechar  newlinechar Your later half is spot on though.	True indeed. In my head I pick fast/agile classes = class with multiple escapes,so I mistakenly listed all the ways a thief could escape from a situation too.
[ARANEA: Did you know that 'what's his face' Vantas in our post-scratch world grew up to 8e a spiritual leader followed 8y millions?](/ag)   newlinechar  newlinechar You taunt us Hussie. You taunt us &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;	So far, I think she's only telling us stories we've heard. I'm not quite sure what you're getting at.
Here's what the C1 looks like after it's been cleaned up a little: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3u0IIQj6FY#t=597s	Shit, I had to watch that all the way through and just about teared up when the interviewer asked Elon about the remarks of the Apollo astronauts.
I think I see Rand at 0:42!	The ass or the cock?
I apologize for the lack of complete truth, but needed quick simplification	It's cool, you made me doubt what I thought was true and go look it up again. That counts as studying.
Thanks for asking. I had no idea there was a KoL convention so close to me. Hopefully I can work it out to go. ([More info](http://forums.kingdomofloathing.com/vb/showthread.php?t=189866), in case anyone is interested.)	I asked because I'm organizing it this year.  Thanks for posting the link!  We're hoping to bring back the awesome that KoLumbus once had.
I thought you retired.	One does not simply retire.
And then you ruined it by acting like a smug douche (no offense).	I mean no disrespect, but you're a cunt.
Chael 3rd round submission.	Wat
First, The Raid: Redemption. Now this. I'm becoming a fan of Indonesian cinema. 	don't put your hope so high... most of Indonesian horror movie is suck if i could say xD
We have empty coke bottles!	I missed. :(
My first computer was an Acer netbook. It still works, it's sitting in my closet, waiting for its turn to shine again.	If it's getting old, put Ubuntu on that shit!
[Nintendo 64DD](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/64DD)	Oh, we don't talk about that anymore. T_T
Whew.  I thought you'd say it was going to explode. newlinechar  newlinechar nopenopenope.jpg	Interestingly this can also be caused by a marine bacterial infection. I've seen a few people on my salt water aquarium forums have it happen tot hem. 
So there are phantom stats? What all else is not working even though it says it should?	That's it afaik.
Dear OMM:  The only 'culture war' that's being waged is from your end.  Sit the fuck down, cunts. newlinechar  newlinechar Calm yo' tits.	For some reason the phrase 'Calm yo' tits' always puts a smile on my face. 
Link to an unbiased source?	Seriously, more reporting and less ranting.
Thanks, it was the longest thing I worked on in this rage comic.	We could tell.
last night 20 people were banging pots and pans on the corner by my place. newlinechar  newlinechar tonight: 0. newlinechar  newlinechar I guess the facebook page wasn't updated.	http://www.facebook.com/events/306990322722976/
Personally I would love a tab to switch out my right or left mouse button skills. Then I would be happy.	If you turn on 'Elective Mode' in the gameplay tab of the options menu, you can set any of the myriad of skill selections to any key/mouse button.
'Therefore also now, saith the LORD, turn ye even to me with all your heart, and with fasting, and with weeping, and with mourning:' (Joel 2:12) newlinechar  newlinechar If and when you come to this point, I promise you that you will find God. 	I'm sorry, but I've been at that point, and I did not find God. And I really really wanted to. 3 months I spent in that hole. God never showed.
I'm sorry. I'm in the wrong here. 	We have the same initials...
Had that (minus the high speed traffic) happen on my unicyle one time, without noticing what was up until HOLY FACEPLANT BATMAN.   newlinechar  newlinechar Only one time.  Now my laces have JUST enough free end to let me take my shoes off without unlacing.	Did he just say unicycle?
An I the only one who read the headline &amp; went, 'huh?'	In case your 'huh' had to do with whether or not Verizon actually provides home internet service, they do. It's called FiOS (www.verizon.com/fios). I heard it's pretty good too.
But only because we're talking about his movie.	Please, guys, make sure to at least mention Rampart in your comments, newlinechar  newlinechar I'll cover you this time (Rampart) but be more careful next time.
 newlinechar the typing sound...cick, click, peck, click	Do you have the keyboard click sound on in the device settings?
Well, I at least left it to where it's still readable...	[how's](http://i.imgur.com/lzHJs.jpg) newlinechar  newlinechar [this?](http://i.imgur.com/mxhfE.jpg)
I've called a few of my local stores and asked to speak to HR.  They usually appreciate it.  Just don't take up the time of sales associates, they are super busy and might be on commission.	Thanks! That's what I'll do, then.
I instantly thought of the Gustav Graves fight scene. newlinechar  newlinechar Despite what everyone says, it was a great movie. Haters gonna hate.	I'm with you there, I loved that movie.
A's. 2006 ALDS. newlinechar  newlinechar You don't want to go down that road against a Twins fan, believe me.	I was going to do a list of them, but I decided for my sanity not to
That's the reaction I have to almost any religious person when they try to justify or explain their bigotry.	They most often don't believe me and just settle for me being 'confused' o 'angry at god.' I don't get bothered by any more though. 'Sure man, see ya.'
Only a Negatron would sue for copyright infringement 	pretty sure this is a parody and falls under fair use.
The face I have on now is the one in the OP.	[exactly](http://data.whicdn.com/images/22382998/exactly_large.gif)
hidden power all day, everyday	Unfortunately, yes. It was the only move I used in battle after I caught them.
So than the gun is... real? 	I'll give you an e if you give me an a.
To Bermuda, Bahama	Come on pretty mama
Woah calm down I never said placenta was bad. Infact it is very nutritious.....side note sarcasm doesn't type well 	almost as yummy as mine.
&gt;C)act like they are experts in matters they have no experience in. newlinechar  newlinechar So acting like they know.... anything?	At 14, I had a SHITLOAD of experience in video games. 
That sounds.....elegant. 	really doesn't look as bad as it sounds.. kinda looks something like this: newlinechar  newlinechar [http://www.bridalbuds.com/wp-content/uploads/mokume-gane.jpg](http://www.bridalbuds.com/wp-content/uploads/mokume-gane.jpg)
There are actually a lot of excellent psychedelic artists emerging recently. You should check out [Simon Haiduk](http://www.artbysimon.com/artwork.html) as well. And as an added bonus, we'll throw in [Dennis Konstantin](http://denniskonstantin.deviantart.com/gallery/?offset=144), ABSOLUTELY FREE!	Also there is [Luke Brown](http://spectraleyes.com/art.html). Feel free to share; I never had any luck...
I know how they do it. I have no artistic skills and cannot even imagine the 'big picture'. Also fuck you	Man. He really had some. *pumped up kicks*, didn't he? Anyone? Anyone?
White denim is the SHIT.  I can't stop listening to them.. If I had known them for a longer time they'd probably be higher up	Unreal... and they've put out 4 full length albums in 4 years... you just don't hear of it these days. 'D' is truly a masterpiece, I've basically had it on loop since I bought it.
Almond Brothers?.... newlinechar  newlinechar *facepalm* newlinechar 	His mom sucked them like they were chocolate covered.
Quick way to lose your pack.	noob start, but I never give up. once crawled for 4 hrs with broken legs under 1k blood to find friends everything was so blury I couldn't even give directions.
Not every SRD regular 'loves' andrewsmith. Not everyone who isn't a SRSister 'loves' andrewsmith. newlinechar  newlinechar In fact, your entire comment is bullshit and you should reevaluate the thought processes that you were having while typing it.	Yeah, too many absolutes. 
I'm guessing that's a garage pass? That's pretty cool that the whole team gets rings!	That's my work id.
Found it. You do not want a link, btw.	Thank you for NOT posting one!
Overalls?	And a straw hat. Wheat hanging from the corner of his mouth
I have the most delicious boner right now	I suspect some future cases of Pavlov's Pizza Boners.
Really? newlinechar I think we played 3 128BPMs, one of which was our own, and zero house.  newlinechar Sorry dude...	Whoa.
If that picture is the clamp in action, it's for making reeds for musical instruments.	wow!
It's $25 Canadian for one month. 	Dude, I would pay for you, but I'm broker then a motherfucker.
Is that how it works? Depends on what hero you play? newlinechar  newlinechar Well you can't do anything about people like that, so I'm at a loss for words.	If it's anything like tf2 it's completely random, hero doesn't matter. kid is wasting his time with an almost guaranteed loss. 
wut?	Ohhhhh nooooooooooooooo, please please don't ask. Just move right along, seriously i'm saving you the trouble.
Well, since people are going to ask... It said: newlinechar 'and then they all had a cup of tea' 	dafuq that makes no sense
Addy was Martha's cousin, and Gwenith was a distant relative of Gwen's (If I remember correctly.) newlinechar 	good to know, i must have missed that explanation somewhere 
Well they could complain about all the people complaining about the complaining.	Or they could have a lengthy debate about the meaning of the word 'agnostic'
Fuck that.  It's [crabcore.](http://www.dobi.nu/yourscenesucks/crabcore/scene.jpg)	[BREE BREE BREE BREE BREEEEEEEEE](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KDzt6yI3Dw8&amp;ob=av2e)
Smoking bans in restaurants are to protect others around you and removing junk food from schools is about protecting people who are widely considered unable to make wise decisions for themselves. Trans-fats on the other hand...	I don't think many people realize just how bad trans-fats are. Your body can't hydrolise them (break them apart) and they build up in your arteries. There is no amount of trans-fat that's reasonable to eat.
You still think that was Elmer's glue back then?	The phrase 'eating paste' just transformed itself in my mind.
Feeding trolls is a descent into crazy, my friend.	Sometimes a few people from /r/politics find their way here. It's a shame; I come here for the equally interesting news but with better informed commentary. 
I'm with you. I kept re-reading OP's post. 4 times. A day? 	Right? That seems excessive to me. When would you have time to do anything else?
Big difference between 1.20 and 12.0, bro.	my bad, bro. 12.0
What the fuck is going on?!	Karma conspiracy? 
Ouch... this hurts a bit. Going from making web apps with Nodejs and PostgreSQL (side projects) to ASP.NET and SQL Server 2000 (Because of recently obtained job). I can deal with asp..... why the hell is such a big company still using SQL server 2000 is beyond me.	Ha, my buddy maintains a legacy system for Cisco that runs on access. 
Tried it. Won 9-1 against Stoke in the first game of the season.	Stoke, away? Might as well give them next year's CL trophy right now.
The SS Date Rape?	*toot toot*
What? What is wrong with you good sir? She is like soooo fucking perfect. I'm practically in love with her. But thank you.	I apparently have better taste than you, hahahaha. ;D
There's a gender bot here now?	It's a bot randomly landing in subreddits and guessing genders and other random useless stuff. It's a coincidence that it fell in here. Now banned though.
Makes the roads too slippery.	Therefore street hockey. CHECKMATE.
Dude... Why would you clean your ears with your car keys?	it's very rewarding...seeing that little ball of wax the on tip of the key. plus it feels good.
Tom Jones is/was a notorious playboy. Had sex with my friend's mum (I think she was in one of the Carry On... films).	Those are the best kind of celebrities. Why be famous if it doesn't help you pound snatch?
Mobile Intel 4 Series Express Chipset Family doesn't work with Amnesia. I have the same problem (I even got it from your event) xD	So pretty much i wasted my money buying Amnesia?....
Why don't black people go on cruises? newlinechar They ain't falling for that shit again.	This is actually one of the funniest things on this page.
Jesus, man, you've got the most offensive ones here, hands-down. Well done.	What did you expect, it's Trapped_in_Reddit.
the seed is -8773861543417825833	Minecraft version?
&gt;I want POE and D2 to have babies newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY	Generally speaking, incest is illegal.
Haven't played the console version of SR3, but I'd say that the PC version is a better port than most AAA console games that end up on Steam.	I only ran into one show stopping bug that persisted from the console version, but it was a one time issue solved by restarting the mission.
You have a story? What is it?	[It's terrible, but I'm hoping the awesomeness of the concept I have saves it. It'd probably be better if I didn't write when I'm half asleep.](http://www.fanfiction.net/s/7741859/1/War) I'm just skimming through it again, and I already see errors...
LOL What's a Futashy?	Noo Princess Nooooo!
I used to work at the place that manufactured those, I asked myself the same question.	ARE YOU DOMINICAN?! YOU'RE ROLLING THEM TOO TIGHT!!
####HOW ABOUT, //#THEIST newlinechar  newlinechar ####I THINK THAT SUMS UP LE IDIOTS QUITE NICELY	####[~~LE FAKN THIS IT'S LE PEFRECT~~](/yey)[*LE LITERALLY*](/dolanwalk) LE YES
Just a large picture of John Kerry.	I'm John Kerry and I support this message. newlinechar 
That part used to scare me so bad!	me too! i remember watching it with my sister when were younger and when that scene happened we ran upstairs screaming.
step 2: buy kid icarus uprising ;D	step 1.5: (if never played zelda 64) Purchase Legend Of Zelda 3DS
Would you also go toxic from having to many Calcium supplements?	Yes. You could. Especially if you have a weak heart.
You bastard. You have no idea how many terrible chicken nuggets i had to eat at burger king to get those toys. 	Hah I'm sure you enjoyed it anyways 
As far as they have a monopoly on the history of anarchism and its development, yes. I'm not going to forcibly stop someone from calling themselves an anarchist, but I don't think I have especially high-standards at all when it comes to a basic understanding of anarchism.	Tell me then, what is an archon, that being which anarchism has none of?
me mata que lleva el mueco vudu de cristina encima del caballo newlinechar edit: uh me parece que es el alien de reddit	Qu imaginacin, hermano 
Knowing their tendencies towards absurdity and dark themes, I imagine it would be more like [this](http://xkcd.com/78/) than like actual Garfield. 	Have you ever seen Garfield without Garfield? It's the most depressing thing ever.
Did you lie about your occupation for karma?	[Set phasers to skeptical.](http://i.imgur.com/YpUMX.jpg)
Isn't that like... Not their domain or something?	Our Lady of the Natural Satellite
Wow, nice tank. I love the angels.	Thanks! I bought one angel, waited a few months, then bought three more. Ended up with two breeding pairs on either side of the tank. Go figure. Hence the movable fake barrier plants and breeding slates.
It's cool, you made me doubt what I thought was true and go look it up again. That counts as studying.	I'm glad my momentary poor decision (read: retardedness) was all for good! 
Those bastards over at Riot are always offering free shit and never come through.  One time they offered me an entire video game for free and I some how managed to spend more money on it then any video game I have ever played.	You win.
Report it, even if you only have a make/model.  That is illegal to do. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, you should come see /r/bicycling! :D	All I know is it was a blue van. Not sure the make/model. I think the best way to identify him would be the dent in his door I probably left.
Power needs to quit Indy and go over to F1 already.  The man is a beast on road &amp; street courses (he won 3/4 races leading up to the 500), but has habitually sucked at ovals...	In general Will is a pretty laid back guy. Something tells me that the tremendous stress and traveling schedule of F1 wouldn't sit well with him.
**I LAUGH AT YOUR INFERIOR BOLDNESS**	**WHY ARE WE YELLING?!**
hhaha yea, i get bored	That's usually how those kinds of things starts I suppose.
andrewsmith1986, you kind of suck. A lot.	Oh let me try! andrewsmith1986, you are a piece of shit who cares more about internet points than the safety and privacy of a teenage girl. Fuuuuuck you.
'**Do not EVER respond to trolls. Instead, report them!**'	Got it
Aww, you caught me!  Aww...all I wanted was a ton of GayBro's!  Bro's, Bro's, Bro's Everywhere!!!  C'mon ahaley, come to the party and I'll give you a brojob!	well, when you put it that way! But I'm just gonna invite a bunch of gay bros, so....
Maybe he just has a lot of friends that watch porn. 	I'm thinking that's why internet is quoted...
Suppose society values having low inequality.  How would this be captured by markets?	charity, buying locally, non-profits, etc
they all seem to do that don't they	Just like real life!
I've had 2 pints of ice cream tonight and I am gaining strength and muscle. I also have a six pack. If it fits your macros, go for it.	So what you're saying is if I eat 2 pints of ice cream I'll get a six pack? newlinechar  newlinechar BRB Ben and Jerry's binge.
this is what i do all the time. dont feel sad bro	Dont feel *too* sad bro.
I only like good songs and i liked yours so it is good for me! 	Well thank you dude :3 I'm not used to people actually complimenting my music x3
Thank gogs that they are different. Like we would want to have two meddling in the story.	I must be the only one other than Hussie who likes Vriska...
What, your kids not like baked potato?	No, they prefer *bro*tatoes
It's a kick in the ass for me.	It's in a form of an ass-hat for me.
ummmGORGEOUS! 	FABULOUS!
I know right? It's like the twentieth time they've found it. They must keep losing it or something. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Oh! No, I know! It's protected by the Silence.	soon it will be Noah's Arks,maybe he had a fleet
That's 4chan! newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY newlinechar  newlinechar PS: Repost whore	total repost whore. newlinechar  newlinechar this post wasn't even a week old... newlinechar  newlinechar 
Oh, fine... newlinechar  newlinechar Let me see...ok....ok....right, go back there...aaaaaand.... newlinechar  newlinechar Fuck me, I'm a pillar of salt. The author of this is one sadistic bastard.	No, naw, I don't wanna be a pillar, let me try again.  I know!  I'll start at the beginning, then read the ending to see what happens!  Damn, that was *not* a good idea.  Guffaw!
I had a friend who got caught in a car and had a good number of guns pointed at him. 	Yikes, I've been booked a few times but its just a slap on the wrist if its a small amount up here. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm definitely not walking around with anything big as per all of the great advice I'm getting here.
I disagree on one thing: newlinechar  newlinechar Start picking up The Dark Knight with Issue #10. The new writer is the same one who recently wrote **Penguin: Pain &amp; Prejudice**.	Good point. Also, pick up Penguin: Pain and Prejudice.
If you think that's [annoying](http://i1.sndcdn.com/avatars-000011495253-unylad-crop.jpg?d870dea)...	At least you can see through that fucking thing. I can't see shit.
It seems I have total mind control...	Absolutely anything for you, goddess :D  
Unwritten reddit rule #3: It's only spam when people don't like the content.  newlinechar  newlinechar People don't mind users pushing their OC when they like it. If someone decides to enforce the rules against spam reddit likes, prepare your pitchforks.	Tell that to SolInvictus
That took me entirely too long to get.  	That's probably a good thing.  newlinechar  newlinechar *wince* newlinechar  newlinechar It shows you have a lot of stamina... newlinechar  newlinechar edit: yep. goin' to hell now. see ya
AP	Single Draft works too.
[Sheeeeeeeittttt!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70eU840lc38&amp;feature=related)	[im sorry everyone](http://imgur.com/a/5htyV)
Why would you do that to a broken bowl?	Now that you're saying that, I almost want to downvote me... But I was talking about the next piece, so it will stay nice and clean, for a smooth smoke.
yup. newlinechar 	mmhmm.
Downside: living in Christiansburg.	Not really a downside. Some nice places over there. Some bad ones too, but everywhere is like that. And for $2400 less. Lot'O'beer money. 
Just more warmist conspiracy theories if you ask me. Climategate exposed most of the worlds climate scientists as hacks and fakes. This is just more scaremongering in the greatest scandal in the the history of science.	Poe's law has me trapped with my up/down vote.
&gt; It does help, even if I didn't imagine such a kerfuffle from such a casual post. newlinechar  newlinechar Kerfluffle? Hah. This is just tiger cubs at play. You should see a mauling. newlinechar  newlinechar Upvoted for having a sense of humor though.	Yeah, as supporting as the community can be, you have to be reaaaally careful with what you ask and how you frame it. Luckily for some, we're not all declawed, though.
Are you saying Trina is a woman of loose morals?! 	I love r/NBA. Seriously, what other subreddit would I find this conversation in? 
All that mutton...wasted...	 I wish I could buy mutton, it has so much more flavor (for some weird reason its VERY hard to find in the USA). Here we can only buy ridiculously overpriced lamb.  newlinechar Mmm mutton...
Nodus, ban pls. 	i removed the top left for non-advertising purposes!
In case others do not interpret that as sarcasm, if there's any bias going on here, it isn't toward conservatism. Farrell has a history of affiliation with left-wing organizations like NOW. His political appointments were all under Democratic administrations. 	/mr generally likes Farellq though, right? He's often cited as debunking feminist dogma?
English to Greek is just awful and makes Spanish look like a walk in the park. 3 genders, and you also have to conjugate nouns (although the proper term is to 'decline' them), along with verbs. 	3 genders?
The ass or the cock?	Well in light of his recent homophobic comments, and [this] (http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-big-questions/201106/homophobic-men-most-aroused-gay-male-porn), let's go ahead and say he is a fusion of both.
Maybe it's like a slang term.  Like tits vs breasts.  On a side note, that sounds like a pretty awesome movie.	Tits Vs. Breasts II: Mammaries From the Planet Areola!
That was one of the most disturbing things I had [read.](http://creepypasta.wikia.com/wiki/Squidward's_Suicide)	Right in the childhood.
[how's](http://i.imgur.com/lzHJs.jpg) newlinechar  newlinechar [this?](http://i.imgur.com/mxhfE.jpg)	Did you just sharpen it and then compress it again?  newlinechar  newlinechar I think we've beat it too much.. :(
The Super Bowl will never be in Chicago because sports writers would throw the biggest collective hissy fit in human history.	Probably has the same odds as the World Series being played in Wrigley Field. :(
http://i.imgur.com/0GUiM.gif	This is my favourite thing I have ever seen. 
negative nelly	Maybe, but I just don't see any other outcome for this game based on the current info. :( Which sucks.
Isn't there a part in AC like in AA where Harley attacks Batman and he throws her?  I was just thinking that she could have lost the baby from that.	Now I'm sad.
Still not legalized...	Well then, let's do the same thing everyday newlinechar  newlinechar *GET FUCKIN' HIGH*
My sandwiches come out looking like abstract art.	How to tell if something is art: newlinechar  newlinechar Will you get in trouble for doing it normally? newlinechar  newlinechar No: Fuck it. newlinechar  newlinechar Yes: It's art.
Jerry, did you drive your car up a pole again?	I miss you Jessica.
&gt; You'll love riding the 26' Koxx Trial Bike newlinechar  newlinechar _	Just the tip.
'We're here to have a laugh, don't get too serious.'  First rule of AdviceAnimals.  Also I hope someone puts razor blades in your fleshlight.	he can fuck off lol
His name is Robert Paulson. newlinechar 	His name is Robert Paulson.
Yeah, it's not really clear, is it?	Guess I'm gonna have to wash the puns out of you. newlinechar  newlinechar ... newlinechar  newlinechar With Tide.
first world problems	I was in the sand a lot that day, and it kinda got to me that I always had to walk all the way around the trap to get the rake. 
Wut 	'What a fun, sexy time for you...'
Awwww, I saw this title and thought there was hope. :(	There is, it's only about 15 hours gametime to get a lvl 60 dh (ideal), or wd/wiz if you want to go that route.
Must be sung with Nokia tune.	NO BANANA, NO BANANA, NO BANANA, NO
Upvoted for asking for proof. It is barely visible now, it looks like two scars (Wonders what scar medication will do to it) on my thumb. http://i.imgur.com/ZyOmN.jpg newlinechar  newlinechar I apoligize if you can't see it. 	That it's real makes it a lot freakier! Window repairing ninjas?
That's what you get for asking permission.	It is easier to ask forgiveness than permission.
Is the DDJ T1 any good? I have a freind who owns one, I'd like to tell him how shit it is.	If you were going to choose between those type of MIDI controllers, get the Native Instruments S4. Everything else feels like a toy.
The girl one is an unidentifiable 'story'. There are no real people, just characters. Eric Clapton is a real person, his daughter really did die that way. It's not just a story, it's a real event you knew about. This one got to me the worst too, and that's why.	Son*
What blades do you have in the background?	I bought [this](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0038KA5RC/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00) variety pack off of Amazon of blades.
Was this at kitefest in Milwaukee? newlinechar  newlinechar I was there...	Correct.
Actually, the correct term is 'peahen', not bitch.	No I think I used the exact word I meant.
Your mom would...beat you with her shoe?! o_O	I hated that shit growing up. I'd always get the damn shoe. 
wat	most posts in this subreddit are about how great tim duncan is.
...since fingernails and assholes are connected somehow. 	You didn't know? 
Like Boner from Growing Pains?	You get boners from growing pains? 
OP never said they weren't driving at the time. It could well have been a hit-and-run while moving, and was still the other driver's fault.	a hit and run is fucked up regardless, but if the driver is present, then trying to flee the scene is just plain stupid 
Just because I'm an alcoholic doesn't mean I'm wrong!	just because I'm mean doesn't wrong an alcoholic!
You are right to be afraid.  The two devices would spin faster and faster, each feeding the other until criticality is reached, and disaster would follow.  They are so precisely balanced that a single downvote could be critical enough to set off the whole thing.	So tempted to downvote just to see what would happen... But instead, (mostly because I like this world and don't want to see a rip in the time/space continuum) I will upvote.
Where are you moving to? The front range is very different from the mountains. The western slope has its own thing going too.	Even a difference in 500 feet can mean as much as 6 more inches.  Anecdotal evidence:  Durango is at 6500 feet, I live 7 miles east of town at 7000 feet and whatever they get, I add 3+ inches for myself.
It is actually a slightly retooled Twilight fanfiction. Mostly just name changes, and that is all. Publishing company wanted to cash in on it, so they helped her substitute the names. So, yes. It's a bit deeper than that. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, it is equally shitty.	Wow. Talk about low-hanging fruit.   newlinechar  newlinechar Anyone have any good bdsm fiction that I can recommend to my ex?  Something that might spark her interest?
I see.  I was not aware that killing Satan counted for Mom kills.  Fair enough, just seemed like an outrageously high number to me :P	...That's still three times a day. 
That's Mercedes. :) She's my favorite girl character.  newlinechar  newlinechar ~~Yeah, I watch the show. Don't judge.~~	The best thing is my first thought was Lauren. So not one, but TWO awesome heavier girls in Glee!
I'm pretty sure he's this same JW troll who kept claiming that when I was an agnostic I had a secret agenda to de-convert Christians with my posts asking questions about God. 	Hrm... He seems pretty legit, kinda like WhenSnowDies. Totally off his rocker and unreasonable, but sincere.
I'm a girl! Please allow me into your Penis of Safety!	OK, but you should get tested first. I know I'm good. :D
I had not heard of that one any info on it?	It's only rumors at this point. You're still better off waiting for an upgrade or sale, both of which are very likely in the coming months.
What's more masculine than having sex with a *man*.	Women are too feminine anyway.
No, that is a 403. 	It's a 404 now!
Only if you get direct admission. newlinechar  newlinechar It really makes no difference. You just apply at the end of 1st year after taking the same courses. newlinechar  newlinechar (O Eng Orientation that makes direct admission worth it)	Technically yes, by skips U1 I meant you dont have to take any general courses, they are all a part of your required classes.
I haven't opened it yet. Think I should drink it?	do you sparkle in the sunlight?
Still cant get over the fact that Haku is a guy &gt;.&gt;	right? Like he even had pink lipstick. PINK!
Wait, i'm confused, so in the left (before) picture you weighed 186 and in the right pic (after) you weigh 184?	could be muscle gain... or a typo.
pretty sure this is a parody and falls under fair use.	Happy Cake day!
This is literally the greatest feeling. I did that once with a category of Garments of the World. [What is a burqa?] (/spoiler) It was awesome.	Thanks for putting the spoiler in there. I totally just guessed it based on the category, and what do you know, I got it right. So upvote for you because that IS literally the greatest feeling.
heehee...I agree. Thanks for posting the pics and for giving me plenty of erections while viewing them ;)	Most welcome!
*available to stream on Netflix! newlinechar 	Hells yes! Gonna watch it right now...
I snort laughed.	That's called a 'snortle'.
He'll doubtless face a stiff sentencing.	The whole thing leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
Kuba Kuba is their top seller - by far.  Not my bag, but maybe yours.  Keep them in a separate humi. newlinechar  newlinechar Where was the event? How was it?	Why you keep them is a separate humi? Is it so the flavoring does not 'leach' into your other sticks?
Wow, that's really interesting.  I never realized that there was a place like this near Denver.  Reminds me of Everything Is Illuminated.   newlinechar  newlinechar 	It's just a little South of DIA in the farm fields. Definitely a must visit.
You killed the laugh train as hard as that video killed my boner..	rookie
Does anyone know the mod he uses for Jerry? 	Buildable Bots
fap fap city bitch	dank dank dank eighths on yo titties bitch
[Here it is on Youtube](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qWC0a-4D6Y)	My jaw just slammed into the basement. Twilight and her movements are so perfectly crafted it looks like she could stand up or start talking at any moment.
In case your 'huh' had to do with whether or not Verizon actually provides home internet service, they do. It's called FiOS (www.verizon.com/fios). I heard it's pretty good too.	FiOS is only their fiber optic service. They have DSL as well.
So... people who devote their lives to public service can't be recognized?  There's nothing stopping *you* from running for office, you realize.	This has nothing to do with my being able to run for office. I think recognizing great politicians is important. I simply feel that renaming arbitrary landmarks after people is ridiculous.
Finally my username is relevant!	[here you go my good sir](http://i.imgur.com/Xo9Gl.jpg)
One direction	So I'm not the only one who thinks that boy band name is a clever way of passing the anti-gay message. 
You drew this in about 25 mins that's really damn impressive (unless it was previously drawn but even then your picture is still awesome.)  newlinechar  newlinechar edit- After all this time on reddit I still used the wrong your. :(	he has posted this one before
Shrooms, dude.  I had a conversation with a coffee table for like an hour, I am sure a burning bush would have all kinds of insightful shit to say.	My friend swore she was a car once. These guys were trippin' out.
I like Alice in Chains' Grind but I want to fuck to Puscifer's Rev. 22:20	It's awesome. One of the most body-wide orgasms I've ever had. It scared him, actually. 'You looked like somebody else.' newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: I'm referring to Rev 22.20
[Four to seven times for a standard deck!](http://www.sciencenews.org/view/generic/id/38434/title/Shuffling_the_cards_Math_does_the_trick) The specific number depends on the game. 	oh, I know this... but I'm talking about cards in Stone Age or Power Grid (and by shuffle, I mean *lightly*)
How can you tell it's not a face swap?	[Wh-what?!](http://i1211.photobucket.com/albums/cc434/AshPhoenix01/OMG.gif)
yeah that's the plans. 	As deaddogs said above I think your biggest risk is demagnetizing. Since you can use them to add value to a smarttrip card without going into metro center, you might want to see which ones are successful and take any left there.
only 129 movies since 07 	She's slacking.
Call me Chris. I love Fluttershy, but AppleJack is a fairly close second. Believe it or not, I actually don't like music that much. I like a lot of mlp songs, classical, Basshunter, and a little country. And Rock, of course.	Hell yeah, rock on!
So they nerfed power leveling? Awesome. /s	Only for the Heart of Sin quest, the only quest you can use to power level. /s
Your dad was insecure?	I wrote something stupid didn't I? I'll admit my stupidity if you explain what I've done. I honestly learned more about grammar and spelling on reddit then I ever did in school. Not from bad teachers, I was a lazy asshole. 
My Flare Gun and I are best friends now because of that.	Same here, I never go leave without it.
[*Citheronia regalis*](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Citheronia_regalis)	after reading your username first my mind morphed that into cliteronia regalis.
I'm not a MechE, and these rankings shouldn't be taken too seriously, but it is a top 10 program according to [USNWR](http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/rankings/engineering-doctorate-mechanical).	Cool, thanks! I just remember that the tour guide never really mentioned it. The engineering she talked most about was CS and EE.
But what if they'd cast Sigmund Sanchez, Vladimir Chung, Anastasia Carruthers, Alejandra Rosenblatt, and Philbert Hashimoto to play those roles instead?	Clearly the show would have been better for it.
Why thank you :) Hell ill say it at a baby shower if it gets you hot and bothered.	that seems like a good joke to tell right before you leave the party. leave with a bang
I used to be really good, now I'm terrible like this. newlinechar  newlinechar I've lost my mojo and now I must go on a quest to regain it. newlinechar  newlinechar Or I can just start playing more durable classes I guess. Maybe try out sentinels.	I got bored in a gold match and spent a full wave just running laps with my female human sentinel. Full Tech armor, no fitness. Surprisingly, I didn't go down.
Yes, that was it.  I can't find the video anywhere though. :(	[Tommy Davidson](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7aAL5MHd3o) I think it was part of this stand up, since this is one of the only ones I remember watching enough times to remember anything from. 
will do, op will definitely deliver!	Ok, surprisingly...or not I guess. It tastes like egg. newlinechar It's not as flavorful as a chicken egg, it's kind of like chicken egg-lite. 
Would I lie?	Haha idk. I hope not because that's fucking awesome!
That sounds 10x more awesome when you put it like that. 'Magic, the RPG'.	Someone came up with that idea... I don't have the link though. Involved getting a starter deck and add more cards as you did more stuff. The idea was much much more complex and involved than how I just explained it though. Sort of like D&amp;D using MTG cards.
It's on a sticker, most likely on the bottom of your motherboard, but it might be near a PCI slot or something.  The sticker will look similar to this http://service.asus.com/images/serial/motherboard.jpg	Thank you!  This probably means I won't be doing this until tomorrow.
The team he scored for (Fk Buducnost from Podgorica, Montenegro) had the league won already before the game, so I guess the referee just called it knowing the fans were two seconds away from storming the pitch.	Usually when they blow the game done, they point at the center circle. Here, he sort of did the double sham-wow motion so maybe he called the game off?
[](/twibeam) And for the amazing drawing of my waifu in the card. &lt;33 newlinechar  newlinechar Also apparently I'm 4 years old.	You're 4 in pony years.
This isn't my only account.	Ohhhh. The plot thickens.
Oh yeah, huge.  the Little Village section is big Mexican neighborhood in Chicago.   Mexicans have been in the Chicagoland area since around 1910. 	I live near that area and I can confirm. Mexicans. Mexicans everywhere. newlinechar 
Sure hope not. Ron Paul is a useless asshole in America and he's about the same here.	Why is he a useless asshole?
If he starts flinging poo he must be some kind of reincarnation!	I'm assuming so! 
The four I quoted, or the thousand that populated the night? Because if it's just the four, you could easily create a few sock puppet accounts.	however many there were, each deserves the ups...
not to be contrary to the awesomeness that is cheese, but raw milk (which is FDA banned despite a complete lack of evidence towards any danger it may cause) is probably the most nutritious food item you can possibly consume. newlinechar  newlinechar also, cool idea, OP!	This is true, the point I was trying to make was that some cheese, made from high quality raw milk would be better for you then highly hormoned pasteurized skim milk
Austin, TX!	Woot, Austin! :D
My thought too. I stated at that flight line for four years from the tower. Seems familiar. 	I went through HMM-164 down at the far end of the flightline when I was going through crew chief school. Had a lot of good times there. Ooh-rah brother.
What if its not for content development but for the pockets of the investors? 	It's the same either way. Investors invest money in the game, and as such receive compensation for the capital they provide. Whether the money sees its way into the game directly or indirectly, I could care less.
And a straw hat. Wheat hanging from the corner of his mouth	Or maybe a fedora and a pipe. I can't wait to see! 
If Guude and Bdubs aren't together then i'm going to sad.	I wouldn't actually mind some random pairing. It could make Mindcrackers that don't normally play together, to well play together :P
Always.	You must be having a field day with this episode... 
I read this in Bdubs's voice o_o	I read this in Beef's voice. Screw you, flair!
I was uncharacteristically dressed though, as I was in a white dress shirt and a bright blue tie seeing as how I had to drive straight from work to the concert to catch it.  	Oh wow, I very much remember you. I walked right passed you at the end.  I was the brunette in the black dress with the zebra purse. 
Pretty sure you mean Live Free or Die Hard.	That's totally what I wanted to write, but somehow my fingers wrote what I wrote. wtf brain.
You might wanna go to a doctor just for a check up. Sometimes you can have minor damage to your neck and so on from whiplash, even if you don't feel it. 	I followed your suggestion and got a check up. Everything is fine!
As someone in the same situation, HOW DID I END UP ON REDDIT AGAIN??	As someone who *really* needs to *start* building a wooden tower that's pretty large and it's due tomorrow, HOW DID I END UP ON REDDIT AND WHY DO I WANT TO PLAY TF2 NOW?
Cruisin' USA is one of my favourite N64 games. The school bus was awesome.	Cruis'n World was a fun arcade game too.
If you make things people need, your safe really.	People only *need* food, clothing and shelter, everything else is optional.
That doesnt make it any less disturbing.	just a little bit.
Indeed I have and Long Halloween and Haunted Knight. Jeph Loeb and Tim Sale are an incredible duo. On that note Tim Sale is one of my favorite comic artists of all time.	Absolutely. I loved the art direction he took with the villains. Specifically poison ivy and scarecrow  
What does the other side look like?	like maybe I dropped it... newlinechar  newlinechar 'cause I did, in the rain, downtown.  My jacket matches, lol. newlinechar  newlinechar It's actually not bad at all, the frame slider saved the bike *almost* completely.
The Bastion soundtrack doesn't have a cd, sorry. Only digital.	Figure out how many sectors it occupies on your hard drive, take the weight of that area of a platter, and use an equivalent mass of gold.
If it'd make you feel better, I could change it to Joey DeMaio...	Araya!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
such as r/repost?	zing
I understand your sarcasm, and I'm sorry for calling you out like that. I feel bad, me perdonas?	te perdono :)
ONLY TWIST MOOSH IS BLACK SILLY GOOSE.	HAHHAHHAHA I WAS THINKING OF MACKLMORE ANYWAYS MY BAD
N**** in a wedding dress?	EXACTLY what I thought when I saw her next to JGS. &gt;=[
RIGHT!?!? WHAT DOES IT MEAN?!?	It means he'll get his first NFL fumble running into one of your offensive linemen.
&gt;Slavery isn't good in the Bible, newlinechar  newlinechar This is false. Slavery is not only not prohibited, it is explicitly authorized.	Can you please provide a source for this?
No need to lick his boots.	He had his tongue cut out.
that wasn't Nic Cage. it was Kevin Costner. 	They are not the same guy?  Hey... how come I never see them at the exact same place at the exact same time?
lightning zweihander op.	**DARK SOULS**
3/10. She doesnt meet my virgin neckbeard standards. Wouldnt bang. 	Does OP have any pics of her doing SCIENCE?
? Meaning?	She is so manly that she not only has a penis, but sells her sperm to make money outside of her legal career.
wait till you're 13	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asexuality
Golden retriever. He's my baby, and an awesome dog.	They're all awesome. newlinechar  newlinechar Now I want to see a picture... Do you have one?
That.	The other thing.
I'm not sure if I should feel better than I'm not alone in having a low threshold for stupidity, or if I should feel bad that more people are as easily irked as I am.	Yes.
There's better ways to find the nice guys, that doesn't involve risking an STD.	Hush, you.
What did he say? And why would he delete it when he has 20 upvotes?	Kirby's Air Ride. I'm not sure why he deleted it.
Laughed and then worried I was going to hell, then laughed again but at the concept of a hell	i thought it was funny imagining you sitting there laughing out loud for reasons known only to you. cosmological humor :)
They fired my art teacher for doing the exact same thing. =( Mr.Geiger	why would an art teacher need roadkill?
and ~~meth~~ gas. newlinechar  newlinechar Don't forget the gas.	I'd be so pissed if they return the money and still get charged...I mean who doesn't like money...I dunno
It's not really about the hill but how you ride up it.	Exactly. Besides maybe how your angle on the bike changes, based on your gears you can get the exact same workout as on flat ground when going up a hill. Your average pace will just be slower.
I thought the exact same thing. I call bullshit on this map	I agree, CO has cheap Oz's and the midwest is way more spendy than that.. only speaking from experience here though newlinechar 
Even though this is about drugs, think about your well being in the future. You don't want to end up at a neurologists office in 20 years. Just hoping you think of your health when doing bath salts. Best of luck brotha	I'm fine and healthy and clean from drugs expect synthetic marijuana because I'm looking for a job.
Don't worry little boy, it will be a grand adventure. Go on, try it.	You're like a pusher. First hit is free, son.
You're not my supervisor!	Just don't watch the episode 'Crossing Over.' Shit's depressing. 
Is it really worth the extra $3-4 for it?   newlinechar I mean I feel like I'm ripping them off paying $5, but its really all I can spare :/	Wait for a bit, the bundles are always a lot more expensive at the beginning, because they're hit by the triple and quadruple digit people who buy them just to support the devs/give to charity.   newlinechar In a few days, the average is usually around five. 
Vader rarely relies on force lightning. If he managed to disarm Han, I don't think Link would stand a chance.	What if he used Deku Nuts? I'm sure he's equipped with a fairy in a jar too. 
'She grasped the front of his pants and felt his loins surge. She felt her way over to his purple headed yogurt spitter and started choking it...'	Oh yeah ironicalbatross.  And then...oh...oh...yogurt spitter.  Nothing turns a woman on like a choked yogurt spitter.  
No... It's you and every single person who played an Elderscrolls game before Skyrim.	And even most of us who played Skyrim or any previous WoW-like MMO. This thing is going to fail so hard it'll wake itself up at night crying. newlinechar 
But your post doesn't mention the need for nurses unless I'm just not familiar with the COTA and SLP abbreviations.	SLP = speech language pathologists. I'm also unfamiliar with what COTA stands for. 
Thats awesome! Is that your 91/30?	Yea, 1942 ex-sniper.
Oh, god. I live in the same city as these morons. They are a fucking public nuisance.  newlinechar  newlinechar What corporations fund them?	All the answers you seek are [in here](http://www.counterpunch.org/2010/10/19/the-koch-empire-and-americans-for-prosperity/).
Alright, that's better, but not quite good. Personally I think we should start with personal warning or something, not just jump straight to banning. Obviously if we encounter an account with the sole purpose of x-posting to SRS we can ban that.	I already have banned SRS and SRD bots.  I'm not a fan of 'rabble rousing' subreddits. newlinechar  newlinechar *edit*  I would love posts to DepthHub and Bestof, I myself have been featured there.
Wrong. You wouldn't buy head and shoulders if you didn't have dandruff. If she had used it, it would be in her bathroom, not in her car. 	Shut up Dwight.
Nothing, really.	well, what got them all riled up?
Looks like Daniel Plainview.	That's the joke, cunt.
I actually had a hard time finding a dakimura in Akihabara, it took a good four hours to find one. newlinechar 	I hope you didn't ask around, that'd leave an even worse impression about foreigners than already exists in many countries... ahh, the negative connotations of the dakimakura.
Yep; nothing is more important than covering Sooyoung's legs.  It's her major weakness.  While we're at it, let's give Tiffany more rap sections so she won't have to sing.	oh god, no.
The problem is that there is a multitude of fan boys out there saying the same thing without the cocked eyebrow.  	Are there?  I see a lot more people making fun of the fan boys than I see actual fan boys.
So... you're Lakitu?	eh?
this is my new timeline cover for facebook :) did you create this?	I did. Post it wherever you please.
Thunder fans got their dose the first 2 games, it was only fair it had to go the other way around.	*COMMENCE OPERATION OKC CIRCLEJERK!*
As a gay man, I was very disappointed.	And you have a mission to make a gay version. Please report back soon, I await your performance 
&gt;We also peed next to each other at MLG Orlando~~~~ newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar .........................................................	Couldn't help mentioning it haha
Progress has gone down the toilet...	The whole thing is a load of crap!
No; he didn't light it, but he tried to fight it.	I don't have the patience, or the skill, but let's all imagine I wrote a huge verse containing moments from this season's timeline. There...now wasn't that quite hypothetically creative?
Dont know how Alex Ross's art would transfer well to animation though.	Yeah, this is exactly what I was thinking. Alex Ross's painted style works so well for Kingdom come, and it'd be a shame to reduce it to a more simple animated style. I think live action would be amazing, or a really detailed CGI.
'Peak' is the word you're looking for, pal.	Oops. Watching Auction Kings on Discovery. Kind of like Pawn Stars, but less stupid and probably less staged since people are actually bidding.
Isn't this a default wallpaper in windows vista? Or am I mistaken?	It is. 
CTR was the best of the Crash karts. 	I recently bought CTR on my psp for nostalgia's sake. How I ever beat it as a 10 year old, I have no idea, because I can't do it now.
I'm fairly certain that paragraphs are an invention of the left-wing intelligentnazisia and should be avoided at all costs. 	Duly noted.
On a stick and covered in cheese... newlinechar  newlinechar *drools*	i have such a food boner now...
As a Frenchmen, I surrender to both of your approvals. 	Ever see the gun sold by a French soldier on Ebay? newlinechar  newlinechar The description says: 'Never fired, dropped once.'
My cousin took quarters and a giant tube of super glue and filled all the locks with glue and glued the quarters over all the locks. Took them an entire day to get into the school. He somehow was caught and expelled though...	Pretty funny but kinda harsh haha. Sucks he got expelled.
And that would be God's fault hence the scum-bag God meme...at least that's what I got. 	but he can do what he wants because he carries the biggest stick..and moves in mysterious ways i guess
Boat nectar?	What about melted gumdrops?  newlinechar 
You're right. [Here is a NY Times article about customers being ignorant pigs blinded by sales and special discounts and complaining about the new LOWER PRICES.](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/03/28/business/retailers-rush-to-adjust-to-price-smart-shoppers.html?_r=1&amp;ref=penneyjccompany)	Reminds me of Saturn going out of business while other GM lines stayed around.  They were really good reasonable cars.  Boo dumb consumers!
OKAY.  I LIED.  	IT'S RAINING SOMEWHERE. PROBABLY.
How is that possible	My parents thought it sounded better than Shaneequa. But in all seriousness, just an old family name. I assume you're Scottish?
This guy is correct	I do though think I heard something about his Alias Being Micheal Delachord therefore Micthemicrophone, but hey Im right once so I wont push my luck xD
He, I wasn't being sarcastic, but yeah, I really don't approve of we're the industry is going.  newlinechar  newlinechar It seems publishers AND developers Only care about money now, not that we enjoy the product.	Definitely. It started with Activision and EA, but its spreading. newlinechar 
The number is still posted on the imgur page.. If you can change that, you probably should.	It was posted on craigslist for the whole world to see anyway, so Im not going to spend the effort lol.
I could burn this place down	I was told i could listen to the radio at a reasonable volume.
Anchorage, Alaska, it was a lot of interesting noises...	so are you trapped in there until she decides to leave? seems like an 800 lb ruminant might be a bit testy after just giving birth. 
How about a vuvuzela?	Shit, might as well.  newlinechar  newlinechar Along with those, I've used a set of chains, a toy grenade, a cereal box, shakers, drum sticks on a desk, and some other random items for percussive additions to songs I've recorded. 
I have.  It tries too hard to be Chrome. newlinechar  newlinechar Are you suggesting we make a Rammus skin for Eve?	It may not be as good as Chrome or Firefox, but it is not useless. newlinechar  newlinechar And I didn't say anything about skins.
Me as well!	donezo!
I get mostly bad, but I'm a dick.	r/guns is a tough crowd.
Your welcome?	Nope, did anyone lose a welcome? This guy found one. 
I want to see this! It seems like you would have to try really hard to look like Amy Winehouse.	Currently trying to find the best resemblance photo... hold please :)
Baader-Meinhof + [Confirmation bias](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confirmation_bias) = definitely zombie apocalypse. 	I wonder if I can do that to make Pokemon real.
Jana's character has done a complete 360.	Don't you mean 180? If she pulled a 360, she'd literally just be in the same spot again. 
You make a good point. I wonder what the salary range is for this subreddit. 	Well my net earning of -$9,000 a year will drop us down.
but at 6 weeks your baby was only the size of a lentil??	Yeah and that is why it was probably uterine muscle spasms. Still its an entertaining thought that as she was just developing her nervous system and starting to twitch that I felt it. Highly unlikely of course but I like the idea :D
Those are giant feet? Are you a woman?	Yes.
&gt;You cannot choose to pick from the bible, then throw away parts. newlinechar  newlinechar I think it's pretty evident that people *can*, if only from the fact that billions of people *do*. I think the word you're looking for is 'shouldn't'.	I guess I should've added at the end 'And yet claim you are a bible-following person.'
Why would you WANT to reach her cervix?  Honestly curious. newlinechar In my experience, anything touching my cervix during my yearly exams is not pleasant at all. newlinechar 	some women actually enjoy it though..
Yea it's a bitch when you actually read the constitution.	Lots of folk have read it, they just disagree with it and want to change it to suit their own prejudices and agenda.
Nothing wrong with you, I'm just as excited about giving my partner a Mario Kart blowjob.  	I honestly don't know if my mind would be more focused on the game, the blowjob, or all the possible puns.
You are the guy behind RES? I salute you Sir, thanks for that.	I tagged him as RES guy just to make sure I upvote him every time I see him.
Actually, I don't like the weather. hahaha newlinechar  newlinechar It's FAR too dry for me. I have never acclimated to it. And it's really too fuckin' sunny. Take a break, sun, I'm sick of you making me squint all the time and stuff.	I'm feeling the same about Texas. Coming from New England, this shit is brutal.
On the flip side, losing to a cheater feels better then losing cause I suck at the event.	No, it most definitely doesn't.
Yeah, as supporting as the community can be, you have to be reaaaally careful with what you ask and how you frame it. Luckily for some, we're not all declawed, though.	Oh, *you.*
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDNCkcC47eQ newlinechar 	Hahaha. newlinechar  newlinechar I was going to reply with Monty Python Holy Grail monks.  newlinechar  newlinechar Too lazy.
Nobody messes up typing in front of Adam We. &gt;:(	Respect the cowl.
For it to be believeable, in the episodes coming up to the finale she would need to get more in touch with her spiritual side (aka finally be able to airbend). Very possible but Korra in the Avatar state would absolutely destroy Amon, unless he's got something planned...	She'll need to be more spiritual, but she doesn't have to know how to airbend. Aang only knew airbending when he first hit the Avatar State, and he was even able to waterbend.
&gt;being a gay man newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;'Fuck One Million Cunts!' newlinechar  newlinechar It's a great slogan and all, but I'm not going to support you if you're not going to do any of the work.	hey, i hear ya. actually, i'm not entirely gay, so i would be happy to 'fuck one million cunts' as long as they are as progressive as me. i have standards, y'know..
c-c-c-combo breaker! (please ignore)	[Deleted]
I believe you meant to say, 'if it *weren't* sexist.'	Most likely.
if you cant do your fucking job find another line of work.  this mother fucker needs to lose his license to practice medicine for the rest of his life.	Let's not forget the malpractice lawsuit and the child support settlement.
What if your income == minimum wage?	then you would fall in the category that makes less than 1.5 million throughout their life...
LASIK recipient here. Best money I ever spent. Quick, no fuss. Eyesight was 20/20 by the next day. Worst part about it was the stupid goggles you have to wear for a few nights afterward! 	Ya but then u get too keep a cool pair of goggles for the rest of your life. 
&gt; There have been manufacturing experiments done with a program ... something called 'Six for Eight' or '30 for 40' or something,  newlinechar   newlinechar I've googled various terms in there, but couldn't find anything. Really interested by that topic. Any other leads (or source)?	http://technorati.com/business/article/the-6-hour-work-day-a/ newlinechar  newlinechar It was taught 20+ years ago in a graduate class I took, but I forgot all about it until captshady mentioned it. newlinechar  newlinechar 
Suggestion: Make an in-server waiting room. Start a match when there are thirty two, let thirtytwo more join, and have them play when the current game is over.	god that would be amazing.
Where is 'whoa_not_woah' when we need him? 	He's not the hero we want...he's the hero we need
I love El-P. My personal favorite, and this song is the evidence. Supersexy beats, heavy bass, **AND** lyrics fit for a king? Amazing.	Word. I like his recent work a lot. This is my favorite song by him too.
You're really relishing showing off your cute wife, aren't you? Nothing wrong with that, of course. Carry on then...	'Lil bit, yeah. They mentioned the hair, I had a better pic...too much coffee I guess.
PM me your shipping info newlinechar  newlinechar I will send you a new dad	Lol sweet! I'm stoked for a new father!
I agree. I don't think there's ever been a better Corvette than a '67 with hood scoop and side pipies. 	My personal favorite has to be the '65-'66 body style with the three shark-like gills on the side.
I think they got rid of that idea when they repealed limbo.	I think they just copped out on that issue with a, 'We don't know, but we trust God's mercy.'
Tell me.... have the updates fixed the lack of collision on things? I watched a horse, upon leaving that opening level (the catacomb, was it?), run across a lake, through 2 trees, and straight into a hillside never to be seen again.	Yeah, I haven't seen that in any of my joking playthroughs since launch day, so it was probably fixed.  newlinechar  newlinechar Two Worlds 2 was better. Not by much, but it was better lol.
ah, thanks for enlightening me. I'm a lady, so I can usually take care of the shakin' myself. ;)	we do have strange request sometimes like :*client: CAN I TOUCH YOUR FACE?  newlinechar *waiter :no madam, im clean....
Oh damn. Short and sweet and offensive. Beautiful.	Kinda like the midget hooker I killed
Plus it opens up the door for the pedophiles to start claiming the same thing, that they were born that way so we can't say bad things about pedophilia.	I really just don't think it's fair to compare homosexuality to pedophilia. A Child cannot consent to having sex with you.
I tried this with Animals as Leaders but she wouldn't have it.	She missed out, in my opinion. Animals as Leaders makes me so fucking wet. But then again, I have a thing for prog metal, so there you go. 
en gral se reduce todo a : anibal fernandez se fugo de quilmes en el baul del auto. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: aclaro que esto fue en un tono jocoso eh.	Se reduce? En serio? AF es un blanco fcil, porque se maneja como si fuera inimputable, y cuando surge en un post, seguro que alguien salta con ese dato, pero me parece muy simplista reducir todo comentario opositor a eso. 
I knew I was serious about NoFap when I deleted my stash. Keep up the good work :-) 	Thanks. Yeah, keeping porn around would have been half-assing it. Kudos on deleting earlier than I did. Good luck to you.
[](/fuckthatshit 'she's not really a perv')	*'She's not really a girl.'*
She said she was thirsty.  newlinechar  newlinechar And cold.	Yo body...yo body.... newlinechar  newlinechar IS a porta potty newlinechar 
Jeje gracias, pero no son necesarios.  newlinechar  newlinechar  *Si por cada upvote tuviese un dolar...* 	Seras Anbal Fernandez newlinechar  newlinechar */ducks*
Hungry Hungry Hippos.   newlinechar  newlinechar Starring the cast of the Facts of Life.	Charlotte Rae came into my shop the other day and I desperately wanted to ring her up so that if she asked for an item that we didn't carry and she got upset, I could just tell her that those were the Facts of Life.
Yes. That is exactly how it works with significant others as well. Once you see them naked, it's hard to hang out with them. Oh wait, that's not true at all.	Same with friends you've hooked up with. And exes. And siblings you took baths with when you were little. Why is life so hard?
Though no word on when to expect Abbott to apologise for his views that prompted the poster.. Sorry gays - he's a homophobic idiot and proud. But at least he's got company there - Gillard's not even got religion to blame.	I dislike his views (on this) as much as the next person. But surely we need to be tolerant of other people's views or how are we any better.
FiOS is only their fiber optic service. They have DSL as well.	I have their DSL its not that bad.
May you both be touched by his noodley apendage! R'amen!	that shall take place during the honeymoon!
Yeah, I know what you mean. She's an awesome YouTuber	Nat is one of my favorites. It's amazing to watch how she changed from when she started doing videos to now.
First name, probably?	B1NGO
Or burp 	I just realized how strange of a word 'burp' is. Anyone else see this?
I'll Play anything that Has the words 'Assassin's' or 'Creed' in it	I'll play anything that has ass in it.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Except mass effect 3! RIGHT GUISE!!
Source: Guude episode 310.	Time-stamp link: [310](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3EruE1m5YnA#t=02m55s)
Tempting. Where am I'm going?	Im in orange county, but moving up to the bay area in July &gt;.&gt;
Giorgio's visage is ONLY for aliens, not zombies or baths.	well I'm sorry you were offended to the point of downvoting this mr.bigpoop. newlinechar  newlinechar sincerely, fatass21
I'm not quite sure if I'm more disturbed about the baby part or the fact that you used the word usually when referring to the orange.	Oh, now it's weird to fuck our fruit? I don't even know where the line is anymore. 
Do you want to go to that party with (blank) and me?	Thanks!
Or maintain ads. They are like a rental service you pay month to month	I'm talking about making MORE money, you know, to drive up the stock price...
No! The moderators there said it was NOT LoL related -_- newlinechar 	How is it not LoL related? It's a discussion about the artist's inspiration of a new champion's artwork. Nice catch, though! I can definitely see it.
he was Josh S	Sorry to hear this :(. RIP.
Tell me then, what is an archon, that being which anarchism has none of?	Again, I'm not making an argument from semantics as much as I am making one from etymology and history.
[Here is a schedule of their shows](http://www.griffithobservatory.org/psoplanet.html). A hour early to your scheduled show should be sufficient. You may want to call them; they are very helpful and can give you an idea of how busy they are. 	Awesome thanks!
As a Wisconsin driver, I second this.  FIBs, man.  FIBs.	And in southeast Wisconsin this time of year.. FISHTABs. newlinechar  newlinechar Fucking Illinois Shit Head Towing A Boat.
BART isn't privatized (.gov domain name and the board of directors are elected officials). newlinechar  newlinechar I agree with you though.  Other than being pricey I've never had a problem with BART.  Plus, when you factor in bridge-tolls and parking it's not too ridiculous.	My mistake. It was explained to me that it was. I'm gonna go beat up my little brother for making me look like a sucker on the Internet.
What did she say about the Rock? and Hogan or Flair couldn't(or shouldn't) be world champion, if Orton somehow went to TNA he'd be the face of the company as champ. They would botch it.	When asked who she would want is she could get any WWE guy, she said The Rock. 
Man here, I concur.  Though I may be annoyed if she asked me to shave, not just trim, because of how time consuming and difficult it can be...nooks and crannies, etc...	And even so, I assume you probably wouldn't consider it deeply offensive?
We need to have some sort of festival. An r/trees festival. In Kansas or something in a corn field maybe. We can set up lots of big hot box chambers	agreed but how about the west coast, American drug laws seem scary so i'd like to be in a State that dosen't really care
where is this bot reporting for? it sounds cold	Scotland. 
sorry, your conference has been the most overrated one in the past 2 decades and one that is no one likes to watch outside of big 10 country	Past 2 decades?  Try 5
I like to think I have quite a good moral compass. I just lost it while exploring my latest anal cavity.	Did you want it back?
So true.  My mother is *cheap cheap cheap cheap* when it comes to things that don't matter, but our house is full of well-crafted, beautiful and no doubt expensive items.  	Then according to BIFL she's literally Hitler.
It only makes sense that the offensive joke thread is where someone named 'placenta smoothie' really shines	Actually, some people DO make placenta smoothies after they give birth. Most for 'more vitamins to help the mother breastfeed the baby'  (read: They're batshit crazy.)
On balls touching or not touching? newlinechar  newlinechar Because if it's the first, then dude, that's totally GAY.	So long as there is no eye contact, s'all good.
Well on /r/wearethemusicmakers people have a lot more experience than me and have a much high standard of music, after only doing this for a few months I can't live up to there standards. :3 Wait.. That sounds like some sad teen comedy. x3	Yikes, that must had been some hard times...
Small town.Wait, are you referencing MY story?	Oh! I'm sorry, I misread your comment. Apologies. 
Paint the robots yellow and you're gonna need to repair a few golf carts. 	As an Asian that is frequently embarrassed by Asian drivers, I upvoted this.
That's a lot of anger. I'd hate to see what you'd do if your keys got tangled up in your headphones.	do you really want to summon the devil? holy shit.
Check out [yed](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YEd), it's a fairly flexible diagramming program. newlinechar  newlinechar I wonder how graphs like the one you posted are made, considering all other free as in beer diagramming software that I tried sucked.	If you view source, at the top it says &lt;!-- Generator: Adobe Illustrator 14.0.0, SVG Export Plug-In . SVG Version: 6.00 Build 43363)  --&gt; newlinechar  newlinechar So I'd assume they used illustrator somehow newlinechar 
well, to be fair, there isn't as much to do at this time of night in OKC:-p	You can play doodle jump...
Just to put in my two cents, I have had a razor from Larry (Whipped Dog) refurbished by Mike, and I absolutely love it.  Mike does an awesome job.	Thanks for the positive feedback! newlinechar Mike
Make sure you try the old version. I can never get the new version to work.	I disagree. The new 'IDE' works great for me and my MEGAs, Nanos, fio, and Uno.
/mr generally likes Farellq though, right? He's often cited as debunking feminist dogma?	Yes, we need more Farrells. Unfortunately, the only reason he exists is because his left-wing credentials have made him untouchable. Summers on the other hand gets crucified. Smart scholars see the incentives and act accordingly. 
Secret weapon: le Bf. 	Hoh-hoh! newlinechar  newlinechar Mine would laugh and say, 'Why even put them back on?' newlinechar  newlinechar I love the whole, it's my apartment I can walk around nekkid if I want.
Only 3 games back from 1st. We have hope.	We're gonna goddamned break the streak this year, and by next year we'll be division winners. 
You are right.	Hey everybody! This guy's right!
It would be amazing if the bug where someone can see you when they're entering your chunk (even if you're sneaking) could be fixed.  It would be pretty damn nice.  This is annoying.	I think that is Minecrafts problem that can not be fixed by viva. Some one can correct me if i am wrong.
Double Plus Upvote.	DoublePlus RedKar
Want to upvote for awesome cosplay, want to downvote for horrid music. :/	Well, since it was posted to /r/cosplay and not /r/music, upvote away.
Do you have the keyboard click sound on in the device settings?	Yepper... every other app clicks nicely...excepting Google.
You've helped me choose my newest restaurant journey for next weekend! :D Merci beaucoup!	South west is the best
So much repost. 	I think this one actually gets posted about once a day.  
Why yes, that would nice. 	[I had to.](http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3pj8ii/)
People have been saying its losing its focus since the beginning.	I thought this subreddit was... for life.
I sure as heck-fire remember you!	Boom, again! Amiright?right,right,right?
Sure you can. Hazard, for all his ability, didn't really shine in CL last year.	Well its Lille after all.
O.O I was running through possible outcomes in my head as I read this... Got to the blood on the door and all those outcomes went straight out the window as I nope'd... Poor farmer... lol	Not necessarily. The ending is open enough that he still might escape. The shocker is just that the creature's intention wasn't to freak him out when he woke up, it was to terrify him all night. 
YAY! I love it when I get filled in! Thanks. 	that's what the ethiopian with a yeast infection said.
I thought 'the hot oil from all that cheese could easily cause second degree burns to penis tissue'	Which is why meat lovers pizzas cost extra. 
Well I'm waiting too.	Well damnit, let's do this thing! I promise to hold your hand as we walk and face as we kiss, you are ok with that?
I don't think he's into beastiality 	I wouldn't doubt it...
Come on pretty mama	Key Largo, Montego
I can't go ahead and read this whole thing, I do however have much respect. Must have taken a while haha.	On and off for about a week and a half, not too too long.
How do you pick up jewish girls in the holocaust? With a dustpan.	It's been a long time since I've felt bad for laughing at something, and I'm considered somewhat of an asshole for telling an excessive amount of racist jokes...
I'm a C cup and don't really get any sort of 'waterfall' effect... but I do think that water running over boobies is pretty hot.	D cup.  I don't get waterfalls either.  But sometimes the water will flow off my nipples in tiny streams and it makes me feel like a fountain.  
Seriously. Do NOT skip step 2.	Hey guys...uhm, I skipped step 2. How am I supposed to explain to the people at the ER I got 2nd degree burns on my junk from a pizza?
isn't this from ibuypower? Sweet rig, that 560Ti will destroy everything.	Except for 570, 580, 590, 670, 680, 690, 6950, 6970, 7870, 7950, 7970, 7990
Actually, I would put the Packers as the Nights Watch as they are owned by the people and serve the people.	And play in the North...
Congrats!! What kind of vapor cig did you use?? Trying to do it without any nicotine weening and it's just too much!	I bought a disposable BLU original.  The taste is okay - not great.  The way it mimics smoking really helped at the one week point when I was feeling most vulnerable.   newlinechar  newlinechar And thanks!
No. It really doesn't.	What doesn't make sense about it?
I was smellin' what you were steppin' in.	I was slam dunkin' what he was alley ooping.
Only way I can shoot my goo	I hope you're serious.
If they supported gay people they could get more moms!	If they supported gay marriage it would be like a buy one get one free sale for them. Every gay mom gets them another mom!
Principles of Intermediate might just be my favorite.  What episode is this?	Conspiracy Theories and Intermediate Design, S2E9.
What part of the state are you in? I'm in AR and I've never seen a think like this unless we're travelling.	NWA is the place to be.
Augh. He would cut me with his hip bones.	Made of glass, are you?
i.e. Let's get him demodded, but let's not go to his house and kill him.	I'm pretty sure nobody was suggesting we gather redditors together to find and murder him, so the wat rightfully addresses the staggering disconnect between not wanting a witch hunt, but then immediately suggesting we conspire to de-mod him (a witch hunt)
Ah, that explains the red dirt.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Do you guys fix them, or operate them? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 	Fix. Pic is of the workshop just before a cyclone
What do you mean?  It's a reprint that has seen no competitive action.  It's currently in M12.	Really? I just got back into the game a few months ago and have not seen it a single time. Why is it not used?
isn't the increase in AP ratio but decrease in base damage just an early game nerf but a mid-lategame buff? 	you would need about 430 ap before it even balanced out. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit:800ap exactly for foxfire
Guys enough with the black jokes. Someone in my family tree is black... They have been hanging there for awhile now	This is awesome. For me, you win.
captains mode didn't work either, lol. only blue got the ui	Same here. Came to  see if I was the only one.
http://www.reddit.com/r/tf2trade/comments/uf0n3/h_white_bills_hat_w_10_keys/	hitbro is CREDIT TO TEAM.
Get your facts and logic out of here, we all want a barely believable yet plausible explanation that is funny! Not some actually good reason!	Ah, Babybending. I understand the subreddit now!
wait i think i get it. Shippuden series is like part 2 from the manga, and the episodes I am watching now are part 1 filler...correct?	Yep.  You got it.
What do you mean? Seems very related to our interests here.	The OP was asking what AnCaps thought. I believe Psy was just pointing out he is not an AnCsp.
If they supported gay marriage it would be like a buy one get one free sale for them. Every gay mom gets them another mom!	This Sunday only at JC Penny's
I am also a Canadian, you aren't fulfilling any stereotype. You're acting like a regular, compassionate human being.	yeah, i know, but that can seem strange to a lot of people, so i added the ironic silliness to counter my comment. seems odd, i know, to say rational things, but sometimes... well, actual thoughtful reality is good.
Is your name on checktheregister.ie? newlinechar 	[Clickable link.](http://www.checktheregister.ie)
Skyrim mixed with Pokemon, either play as a trainer or a pokemon	NO! Carrying capacities and limited money given to merchants? Some men want to watch the world burn.
Nope, Oregonians don't give a shit about the rain. That's not the reason.	Then how come we never hold one?
close enough... newlinechar  newlinechar (actually this dude is WAY less annoying than cera)	michael cera went to my school....when i was in school...
Of course :) newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/Lrm75.jpg newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/KpTYv.jpg	ohhh the jealousy builds
What's black and screams? newlinechar  newlinechar Stevie Wonder answering the iron.	Congratulations sir, This is the first joke that made me laugh.
You got it! Nice work! 	Mostly Google-fu and good luck. It helps that there aren't that many nocturnal bees. Also, *Megalopta tabascans* is a pretty awesome scientific name, although I couldn't find a pic of one of those.
You sir, just saved me 20 dollars.	buy the ones from the dollar store. they're just as effective. 
Florian has already beat Clay Guida and as for winning gold Florian has done much more without winning gold than Maynard has.  You're talking about which is the better fighter, I'm talking about who has had the better career.	FINISHED Guida* just wanna put that out there before we see how Maynard beats Guida (if)
Mine get smashed and wet all the time and still work great. I had to buy new tips though, wore mine out. 	Hah, me too. I got a big pouch of the medium tips.
Could be a toilet.	[Not a watercolor, but I found *something*](http://images.fineartamerica.com/images-medium/toilet-of-course-bob-dornberg.jpg)
Tits Vs. Breasts II: Mammaries From the Planet Areola!	That could possible be the best movie in the history of time. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm sure John would love it.
[](/rarityyell 'HEAD MARSHMALLOW.  I WANTS IT.')	[] (/twibeam 'I wouldn't have noticed that were it not for you!')  newlinechar [] (/raritydress 'Although, I do look rather darling atop her head')
Absolutely anything for you, goddess :D  	A foot rub would be nice!
Thanks for the great information!	I really wish I could have given you more, but the guy on the other forum nailed the origin of one side of it at least.
agreed but how about the west coast, American drug laws seem scary so i'd like to be in a State that dosen't really care	this is true. We could buy a town or some sort of homestead or holdfast and make it a bastion for ents across america. People would come from all over to commune with their brethren at this Ent Moot of sorts. 
Looks like a 600w. Exactly *when* is that not enough to power a single 6950?	Think he's referring to the reliability and quality of it, not the wattage.
Especially [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9O3-ohtxxsw) song.	recently I heard a song that reminded me of this one, and had to go hunt it up. Beautiful and haunting.
Diablo gold will be a currency when the RMAH goes live, and has an actual real world value already.	$30/1m right now, which means this bot is passively generating roughly $12/hour. Not bad. In fact, it's good enough that investing in a few more accounts seems worth it, even if they only last two more days. 
There is, it's only about 15 hours gametime to get a lvl 60 dh (ideal), or wd/wiz if you want to go that route.	Plus the other 45 to get to act 4 inferno with them
I'm not named Nick, but I just wanted to say good luck on your 'meteoric rise to the top of the international power structure.'	Quiet, peasant! **Our time has come!**
Oh I know what you mean.	you gotta pace yourself this year toots.  Very sad face that I won't be there until when I'm there.  BTW, totally was 'stalked' by a coworker surfing last year's pics.  'Hey!  You're on REDDIT?!?'  Um...maaaaybe...
How is this title related to the article?	10:31 PM CST: it's been reported to mods for  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar -it is an editorial, opinion, petition, solicitation, or advocacy article. newlinechar  newlinechar -it uses an editorialised title. The headline should not include your opinion of the news, nor any exhortation to action.
So you addressed my secondary afterthought. How about the main point of my post?	I too would like to see someone argue that 20\100 heroes vs 100\100 heroes is balanced. 
When he's extra smug he looks like a chipmunk. 	[Like this?](https://imgur.com/Xplt7)
[im sorry everyone](http://imgur.com/a/5htyV)	The most racist picture of a black man I've ever seen. Also funniest.
I miss it too and i dont even live there haha cant wait to go back out this summer! :D 	If you are able to, I highly recommend hiking in the Sawtooths.  Here is a photo I snapped last summer during one of my trips [Alice Lake](http://i.imgur.com/lkLCY.jpg) .  Just do every one a favor and don't tell anyone about it haha.
ah! guess i will do the same! thanks for the idea :P it'll be a rather noisy HTPC tho...	With the surround sound going, you'll never know. 
that's rough, man.  newlinechar My uncle, who is almost like me in every way, is a considerable failure in life. A genius, but a failure, and it's probably because of weed. newlinechar 	My Dad used to be pretty smart too, but he has become really weird. He is paranoid, thinks the government is out to get him, now denys the holocaust etc. He is a pretty big failure now, and I guess that is why...
well I'm sorry you were offended to the point of downvoting this mr.bigpoop. newlinechar  newlinechar sincerely, fatass21	Actually I didn't downvote you at all.  I don't downvote I just comment.  I only downvote spam or something that's really really bad.
Try handwriting them out. It was so odd in my case... I didn't really 'learn' my characters really well until I started learning vocabulary words and writing them out.	I've found that handwriting kana and kanji gives me a huge advantage. Not only do I have less trouble recognizing and producing them, I'm far less likely to confuse them.
I've heard that as well. He had a lot of respect for hand-painted animation like Disney used to do.	Yet hated everything Disney stood for.
No, the most powerful of each of the sites is chosen. Then the Reddit, 4chan, 9gag, Facebook war can commence.	Now that would be interesting to see.  newlinechar  newlinechar I'm curious as to the being that 4chan would release. 
Are you being serious? Skrillex doesn't do that. If you don't like his music, whatever, but hating on him for things he doesn't actually do is really silly.	actually I think Skrillex's songs are mixed pretty nice, but I don't know if he does all the mastering and mixing.
Yes, Columbus area newlinechar 	I love deathstar, have my upvotes fellow Ohioan.
I know Hitler. To know Hitler is to love him. newlinechar  newlinechar Understand yet? newlinechar  newlinechar Ya, me either.	The only way it makes sense is if it was a sexual innuendo, I don't think it was.  
So that Elf doesn't really look like an Altmer, Dunmer, or Bosmer. I'm guessing it's supposed to be Bosmer.	I'm guess it's marketing to their demographic. Ninja assassin, hard ass berserk warrior and hot elf lady. Really, the 'stealth' character should be Khajiit or Argonian, but advertising characters with tails? Too nerdy.
That's probably a good thing.  newlinechar  newlinechar *wince* newlinechar  newlinechar It shows you have a lot of stamina... newlinechar  newlinechar edit: yep. goin' to hell now. see ya	That seemed a bit forced... newlinechar  newlinechar But I guess when you're dealing with one year old's, you're use to that sort of thing.
That's possible? I had no clue. 	Haha yep, and its a pain in the ass too. newlinechar Only caused by sniper rifles IIRC, I'm not sure though
The big 4 thing is album sales, nothing more.  newlinechar  newlinechar Of all the bands on the blacklist, them and Motrhead were definitely submitted the least.	I being downvoted in a unpopular opinions thread. You guys are fucking geniuses! Well you may not like Anthrax but people fucking love anthrax that is ALL I'm saying.
Android running an emulator.	A DS emulator? A PSP emulator? 3DS, Vita? newlinechar  newlinechar Handhelds are a huge part of the industry and for some of us, the best games are found on neither PC nor consoles but handhelds.
If she's prioritising *arguing* with an ex over sexy times with you, then a 'welre done here' is very warranted.	if you're a pussy. you could alternatively pound her into uncontrollable jungle noise mode and then peace out having the same effect as your lame ass dismount.
I've written hundreds of articles read by ~10,000 people, it comes about about the same, right?	I've written articles that have been read by at least a dozen people... Well, maybe not a whole dozen....
What's the diffrence between a bag of shit and a black person? The bag. newlinechar  newlinechar What do black people and bicycles have in common? They all need chains to work.	what do you call a black pope? newlinechar  newlinechar holy shit!
Good question, upvoted, hopefully someone can answer this!	Yeah I really hope so cause that would be awesome
i can concede to that. i feel that the behavior is part of the lifecycle of it all and because of that i just skip past most of it.	...when not actively contributing to it, of course...
You must be having a field day with this episode... 	Don't say it like this is in any way fun!
What's the difference between a great looking pornstar and a dead baby? newlinechar  newlinechar I don't have wet dreams about pornstars.	Alternatively: I'll never get to have sex with a pornstar.
Great post! Thank you!!	Thanks, if any seem of interest, contribute! Over 20K subscribers here and very little contribution to recipes and protips. Could use some lovin'.
I think you accidentally a word	Indeed I did accidental a word. Fixed.
I thought r/AskReddit wasn't low-hanging fruit because it's a default subreddit.	I think its more the post itself that might be considered as low-hanging fruit. 
I don't understand why they don't just remove the hitscan and make the projectiles fast to compensate a bit.	Because UE3 can't handle projectiles past a certain speed.
Dude Aang had kids with Katara.... 3 of them. This ship was dead before it was saved. sorry.	I thought that's what I was saying.
Just make sure you order everything from the same site. Because honestly, you don't wanna pay $100 in shipping.	I'll make sure to do that!
hah yeah I know but I actually wanted to say the other part	And now everyone knows what a tard you are. Well done.
We're gonna goddamned break the streak this year, and by next year we'll be division winners. 	Damn right we are.
Yepper... every other app clicks nicely...excepting Google.	Not sure then. I've never used that app before! Sorry!
well the logical conclusion is that i was defibulated and came back to life... but i guess you could say that yes i am a zombie because i first died, then was brought back to life and now walk around and such... (also bullets and cancer cant kill me)	Same here bro, good on ya.
This is going to make you sad but I know girls who use that as an excuse to not talk to guys.... The good news is: at least she didn't waste your time!	She was definitely lesbian. I thought it before she sat down, but looking back I should have known, there were many signs.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Format, grammar.
why the fuck would someone downvote a comment to someone else... sorry dude, upvote from me	Cause they're jealous that I'm not complimenting them instead.
Do they make you do the 3 yards with one hand?  I'm having to practice that for my KS CCW test and it just feels wrong.	No, Texas CHL doesn't make you shoot any of the shots with one hand.
She was suggesting the issues here are minor by comparison. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Gender correction	She
You are full of shit. Give us a couple of documented cases of dead New Jersey votes. Right, you can't because it's just an urban legend. 	How about a few live ones? newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaUsT9MLMlA newlinechar  newlinechar Nothing to see here...Urban Legend....It doesn't happen.
Turd Ferguson, it's a funny name.	I'll take ape tit for 500. 
Honey, if you have the body for that outfit I don't think anyone there will mind.	I think I do... now I'm scared 
You have a very rustic sense of HU mor. 	AU, thanks!
I'm feeling the same about Texas. Coming from New England, this shit is brutal.	I've been here 15 years, and still not used to how dry it is. I'm pretty close to the ocean, too, so it's not even as dry here as it is everywhere else. You still need to water lawns daily, though, so that they don't turn brown.
/r/Fuckcancer 	http://www.wired.com/medtech/health/magazine/17-01/ff_cancer newlinechar  newlinechar Any time I think of cancer I think of the above article: 'If we find cancer early, 90 percent survive. If we find cancer late, 10 percent survive.' newlinechar  newlinechar Early detection is key. newlinechar 
You, I like you and your style. 	You truly know how to flatter a ~~lady~~ tropical bird.
Once I masturbated with Nair on accident. Always check labels.	Do you have a newsletter or something we can subscribe to, sir?
You do realize there is a reply button...	Typical new redditor, used to YouTube's reply system
[blank]?  [blank]!?  You're not looking at the big picture!	Don't you worry about [blank], let me worry about [blank].
so basically, it ruined a perfectly good donut. 	Dicks: ruining donuts since 1978.
It may not be as good as Chrome or Firefox, but it is not useless. newlinechar  newlinechar And I didn't say anything about skins.	The Joke newlinechar  newlinechar ---------------------- newlinechar Your head
Thanks for all the advice! I guess my low self-esteem makes me think that turning down a date and making him wait will just make him leave. I guess, though, that the ones who are willing to wait are the only ones I should be involved with anyway! :)	Yay! That's how you get the good ones. If you turn down a date and the dude disappears, he just wanted one thing and that's not your heart honey.  newlinechar The ones that try and wait are the ones you want. :) Good luck out there.
how is this WTF?  this subreddit is shit now	Someone keeps spamming amazon links to every category of childrens' costumes and costume wigs and hats. They use different names every time. I've already reported a bunch today,
haven't done an AMA, my film work career is ancient history. not many photos, but a few interesting stories.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 	Well if you do an AMA I will upvote and ask questions. That kind of work is fascinating!
He owns 51% of shares....	He still unloaded 49% of it for more than it was worth...
9,987,598 bottles of beer on the wall, 9,987,598 bottles of beer. Take one down and pass it around  9,987,597 bottles of beer on the wall! newlinechar  newlinechar *There's apparently a 50k comment limit, was  bumped from 35k 21 days ago. Spladug getting impatient? :)*	9,987,597 bottles of beer on the wall, 9,987,597 bottles of beer. Take one down and pass it around  9,987,596 bottles of beer on the wall! newlinechar  newlinechar 
Always fun when you think you're getting away with it, then BAM. NOPE.	But they are getting away with it. These bots are making $60 a day anyway.
Sorry to disappoint but: i'm not Oedipus	No kidding. Oedipus actually *got some*.
It's about as taboo as illegal downloads.  So, yeah, it's illegal...but none of the Americans I've known who have visited have had the slightest hassle.	I mean, can you imagine the headache it would cause if the U.S government seriously tried to prosecute someone? There are American T.V Shows where Americans visit Cuba.
Wow, I skimmed over what you wrote and HOLY SHIT WHO CARES!	I may be a dick, but when i read skategoat I stopped taking this seriously.
Interesting,is there any supplements out there that would have little or no harm?	Anything homeopathic...
Oh thank god, at 46 I thought I was the oldest one.	Ha, whippersnapper!
Mine too, .hack//SIGN was a good anime solely due to its soundtrack.  I believe it was one of the very first anime that paid attention to its soundtrack, essentially setting the initial bar for what constitutes good music for an anime series.	The DVDs have a separate audio track that is *just* the music. I haven't watched it that way yet, but I think I may have to now.
love the art. not hating, but THC-Rex would roll off the tongue better.	My friend said the exact same thing today so i'm going to rename it. :P
Holy hell, another person who remembers the Bubsy series at all. newlinechar  newlinechar Shame it had to end like that.	I remember the Bubsy series fondly, probably because I never played 3D. Loved 1 and 2 for the 16 bit era.
It need not matter what brand you choose, just make you sure you take it rectally to ensure maximum eating out skills. 	Both of us or just her?
Places better to pee on/in than the refrigerator: newlinechar  newlinechar Outside newlinechar  newlinechar The floor newlinechar  newlinechar Somebody else newlinechar  newlinechar Yourself newlinechar  newlinechar A bath newlinechar  newlinechar A table newlinechar  newlinechar Most places	Yes, well, my attempt at being funny apparently wasn't. 
- get an ipad newlinechar  newlinechar - sacrifice it to him newlinechar  newlinechar edit: another option that I've used is giving him a dead controller and letting him think he's playing.	Both of these work, but only in short bursts. 
ME TOO. 	Sweet. We should create an r/MakeupBenders
It will (or will not happen) a year from now	I was hoping someone could explain to me why they don't want tourists for this reason any more? Does it have to do anything with how they are perceived by other nations or some such?
all cats can [time travel.](http://www.amazon.com/Time-Cat-Remarkable-Journeys-Gareth/dp/0140378278)  Ever wondered where cats go 'when you're looking all over and can't find them?' or when they 'suddenly appear in a room when you were sure the room was empty.''	when ziggy comes back with a pirates hat i will believe. newlinechar 
I hear that you can hear Notch's thoughts if you have his hat.	Or if you follow his twitter.
it does more damage before having to reload. But I don't think this helps it too much.	Aaah, I see- That's not part of my calculation. Thanks- I'm sure this makes up for at least 4%
Fact: You can't prove that.	Fact: cows operate all traffic lights in the downtown DC area.
Fun fact, cat's can't taste sweet. They probably enjoy the cold and creamy texture. This is cute.	Ah reddit.  Came here to say this.
how expensive is this fish? newlinechar 	Sorry, I refuse to do business with gay insect larvae.
I used to work at a pizza place they told me two stoners invented those and made millions.	Seems legit.
portupgrade will let you do upgrade packages w/o having to build by source. [1] newlinechar  newlinechar [1] http://www.freebsd.org/cgi/man.cgi?query=portupgrade&amp;sektion=1&amp;manpath=FreeBSD+Ports	Thank you very much! My coworkers and I have been looking for this for quite a while.
SLP = speech language pathologists. I'm also unfamiliar with what COTA stands for. 	Thanks!
You are Latino? You must be great dancer	:) Unfortunately, I dance like a squid on heroin, which results in legs and arms a-flailing and looking like an malfunctioning water hose.
To each his own, I guess.	Every single person who says this on reddit gives me a little more faith in redditors.
All the pseudos (bagon, outrage gible, dd larvitar, beldum, extremespeed dratini)  newlinechar  newlinechar Not too keen on giving away legends, got an uxie if you've got something to trade for it	I will keep that in mind.  I am going to tag you, but when I finish SS I will have an extra Moltres, Ho-oh, and Zapdos if that interests you.  
Hulk is better than Malouda has ever been.	Apples and oranges in a way though. 
Or the one where the plate left an indentation and paint on the bumper. But that one was a while ago.	That one made me proud to be a redditor. newlinechar  newlinechar And also taught me not to fuck with people on the Internet.
every thread...literally every thread. does anybody ever get tired of this?	Same with Trapped in Reddit. newlinechar  newlinechar 'OHMYGAWD I SEE YOU EVERYWHERE'
Ah yes, the 'No Go1dfish' rule.	'No Go1dfishes.' We're allowed to have one.
Which is bull, a friend of mine is really good with the syringe gun and I feel helpless.	That's what your Flare Gun/Shotgun is for. The mid-range option for a Pyro to chase/fight back when retreating. 
Why block r/starcraft?  Are we not cool enough? =(	I don't play and you guys make too many posts. 
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE	are you drunk right now?
Same here! He triggers so much for me because his voice his very calming, you can hear all of his keyboard / mouse clicks, and he spends a lot of time focusing on details. I love him :D	You got to watch his minecraft videos where he goes around and reviews houses of people. Gets me everytime.
Holy mother of god....	WHAM! =P
[And this is when they cross the line](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=3knXNdTtOcA#t=23s)	You  have got to be kidding me...
Maybe not the very last note, but the final movement was good. 	I thought the reunion episode from Curb Your Enthusiasm kinda made up for it, but yeah, everything else, greatness! 
*'She's not really a girl.'*	Who said that, and why did they put emphasis on every word?
Well done sir.	*bows*
de_inferno...	Please everyone knows it's all about de_rats. newlinechar 
[The Pillows](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Pillows) 	*the pillows newlinechar  newlinechar /fan twitch
Now it's underpowered.	Now it's a side grade.  Just like most other weapons in the game.
If you know what's good for you, you will let it slide and not try turning this into another meme.	But...the karma...
&gt; the token gay dude in our class, who apparently liked to glance over urinal walls newlinechar  newlinechar Couldn't stop laughing at this	You're the token gay guy from OP's story aren't you? 
As a 21 year old that also lives in North Jersey, we're just really fucking tired of that are equally not funny or true.	At least you don't live in Ohio like I do.
I like when a word is reusable by changing just the gender, an example being la puerta meaning door and el puerto meaning port.	la papa: potato, el papa: pope
Then get new dice!  You don't burn down a school if you fail a class. newlinechar  newlinechar Kids these days.	I did! There's no reason I can't have both.
Then how is the Libertarian party getting matching funds?	Apparently, it's because they raised enough money in each of the 50 states to qualify.
Sad. All I have is a boner.	Oh, KittenStabber. You and your boners.
Have talked to him? Were you direct enough? Make it explicit that you want more physical intimacy and you feel that his porn habits get in the way of it. 	To make a long post short: Yes, we've discussed it.  He says he can't explain it, and he feels awkward when he tries.  He knows how I feel, but it's not really fixing the problem. 
Yes?	Did mom swallow your load to make her more likely to conceive me?
Reminds me of a class offered at my university: 'From Mozart to Michael: A History of Popular Music.'	Mozart was amazing. But I can't remember any hits from Michael Meyers. Just lots of stabs.
Seriously. And knowing that his VA died basically right when it aired. Poor Mako. newlinechar  newlinechar Edited for accidentally orgetting a letter. I swear, no more commenting from my phone.	I'm a little lost... VA? Mako? 
What I was coming here to say.  I was glad to see it wasn't just something like all golden plate. I really like the enamel and inlay work with the steel and gold.	FTR, Kingsguard is white. Jaime's 'Lannister' armor is the gold set.   newlinechar That being said, I like the Kingsguard armor, but it feel it could do with being a bit more white. It's not quite...bright enough, I feel.
If OP rehosts on an image sharing site, the owner sees little to no traffic generated from their content. I'd rather have my shitty VPS DDOSed and generate revenue, attract new fans, and maybe be able to upgrade my hosting plan due to the new fans.	This man speaks truth. Too much traffic is a good problem to have.
Athene is a cheater anyways. He paid people to play WoW under his name and its been proven he had pro SC2 players play SC2 under his name.	I second this. I don't like that guy. Watched him play a game once and he raged. But it was a really spiteful, vile sort of rage. AltF4 never looked back.
Wrong, Bitch! They can't retrieve his body. It's at the bottom of the water. Too deep to get it back.	Correct. Yeah, that and anyone who has had their soul taken from them cannot be brought back. Im so happy other people read Nartuo as well.  But maybe he and The 4th will come back at the end as holograms like Qui Gon and Yoda in star wars. Ha.
Progressive in what sense? 	In the sense that haven't dissolved  into some sort if post apocalyptic cannibal society. 
If he really had it going on he would be wearing bronze.	Only if he invites me and I get to wear gold.
I must be the only one other than Hussie who likes Vriska...	No, I adore her. ::::)
clearly you haven't seen [**this**](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yojDSv25aak)	What...HAPPENED, to my former favorite kids' show?
after reading your username first my mind morphed that into cliteronia regalis.	XD That's fantastic
I'm about to order a Wisdom Hoodie. (I've been meaning to for a while but I'm finally going to order it.) newlinechar  newlinechar Mine better have a cool drawing too!	Of course it will!
Am I the only one with a girlfriend with whom I could have a good laugh about this and continue fucking?	No, you don't understand. Watching a somewhat funny movie and laughing every so often is one thing. This was me constantly laughing, unable to breath because I found it so funny. I was unable to continue.  newlinechar  newlinechar Though after the movie was over...:3
would assume it fell off along the way or near the accident, not lodged in the OP's swipe mobile.	If I had just committed a hit and run I would be pretty paranoid about the license plate falling off at the scene of the accident where the other driver or cop would find.
Remember that one hipster night where we did all 2fort maps? Yeah that.	Upside down map night. Completely unannounced. Completely random.
The other thing.	Those.
This kills the irishman.	I've never really understood why people made fun of the Irish for the potato thing. It's like 'Ha Ha, You survived.'
Why is he a useless asshole?	He retired.
This was my biggest fear posting this.	From what's visible, you are stunningly beautiful. those eyes...
Maybe you should re-season it.	It was rusted to all hell. 
Maniac Maniac  newlinechar  newlinechar He's so cool newlinechar  newlinechar Maniac Maniac  newlinechar  newlinechar Don't go to school newlinechar  newlinechar Runs all night newlinechar  newlinechar Runs all right newlinechar  newlinechar Maniac Maniac newlinechar  newlinechar **I CAN'T REMEMBER THE LAST LINE**	Kissed a bull
Those buildings are right across from E3 and commonly have ads on them for the event. I'm fairly sure I've seen billboards there before. 	Yeah, that's the Figueroa Hotel in downtown Los Angeles, which always has huge ads like that on its walls.  One of the cooler ones was for the World Basketball Championships with players from around the world.  
How is this high-jacking? His reply is relevant.	Because he's getting MORE KARMA than he should!! Don't you get it?!? He's practically STEALING that karma from the person he's commenting on!
Unreal... and they've put out 4 full length albums in 4 years... you just don't hear of it these days. 'D' is truly a masterpiece, I've basically had it on loop since I bought it.	Me too man! Fits still gets to me though
She said 'that I remember at least 20' and used to go dancing at The Ritz all the time.	&gt;'that I remember at least 20' newlinechar  newlinechar That sounds punk to me.
You are frighteningly hardcore about this. Skal!	Skl!
Skyrim is on Steam...	Misinformed Redditor: Thinks Skyrim is on Origin; Is actually on Steam?
You're going to marry her right?	I feel like this is a test...
I know. So tempted to get a PS3 for Journey, Dark Souls, Little Big Planet, etc...	Red Dead Redemption
My god, that sounds so fucking scary. I'm so glad I've never been stuck in a loop.	Time loops are terrifying. But they are also absolutely awe inspiring sometimes. Or the most profoundly beautiful thing you can witness.
The April toy.	Eww, asking my parents for one of those would have been too *girly*. newlinechar  newlinechar And girls are gross. *Yuck!*
Do you want a ribbon?	Talk about killing the mood...
yea i kind of figured but i heard thats very unreliable. is there and quote on quote trusted places to find me some treasure.	A good pirate learns how to sail before he thinks himself seaworthy.
that shall take place during the honeymoon!	What you did there, see it I do
Scotland. 	chilly 
Be careful with sushi.  You probably bring your own soy sauce, but be sure to check the sushi rice vinegar they use.  Sometimes it contains gluten.   newlinechar    newlinechar Also, avoid fake crab.  	Yup yup. I always have some of my own soy sauce with me, and I only ever order raw fish or vegetable sushi w/o sauce. So far I've only ever got sick once following those rules.
BETTER START LEARNING BEFORE IT GETS FLOODED WITH UTTER SHIT AND WHEN YOU FINALLY DO MODEL SOMETHING GOOD NO ONE WILL EVER SEE IT	[I believe that I'm pretty good already](http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1491)
Oh, don't get me wrong, I am very against brainwashing, degradation, or keeping women in a relationship against their will.  As a matter of fact, I don't mind if the tables of polygamy are turned, queen bee style, on men! (so long as consent is there)	I think that polygamy is illegal mainly for how it happens in practice. In theory, I see nothing wrong with it, but in the real world, stuff like degradation and abuse tend to happen, which is why it's illegal.
2005 me is SO offended right now.	It's amazing to think there are people reading this are probably too young to have had the chance of seeing that story.
I just realized how strange of a word 'burp' is. Anyone else see this?	'belch' is worse.
lol'ed	&gt;lo**l'e**d newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY
You gotta have a sense of humor if you're going to write smut.  I was belly laughing like crazy the first time I wrote deep dick delight.  	dot tumbler dot com
I'm a Jewish Indian and I am offender, sir.	I am Indian Jewish, and I am not offended, ma'am. 
[Set phasers to skeptical.](http://i.imgur.com/YpUMX.jpg)	[I like this one more](http://i.imgur.com/lZteV.jpg)
yea... It was more than 5 hours...	I had to go to work though, so I stopped counting there. newlinechar  newlinechar When I came home the only evidence that I hadn't been dreaming was the karma.
i didnt even say the word vagina.  I'm pretty sure 'vulva' covers the whole lady parts area	It does. Insanely didnt know the difference.
He just has a shitload of black jokes.	I'm not complaining.
I dislike his views (on this) as much as the next person. But surely we need to be tolerant of other people's views or how are we any better.	Being tolerant of bigotry just encourages bigotry.
It appears that this is becoming a thing.	And is that really so bad?
unless I had a typo, which could have happened but I have not found any, I didn't mention the first amendment....I mentioned the first two commandments.  	Totally, totally, totally misread your question. 
Israel is in denial about hatred and racism that exist in their midst.	It's a country founded upon racist ideals. A state that ethnically cleansed a native population to be Jewish by majority on a land that is by no means exclusively Jewish. Is it really all that surprising? 
I approve of this thread.	As do I.
Rtfa. China, Russia, and several other regimes want the ability to suppress dissent on the net. That is what this is about.	America wants the sole ability to suppress dissent on the net.
You can tell my toilet, he doesn't give a shit.	don't tell my magazines, you can read them like a book.
This car doesn't even need a dash kit. It's DIN already.	Missed that, even easier then. 
I audibly awwed at this. I may have slight issues for finding this to be a sweet sentiment.	Issues I am sure I can handle lol. I just went through your post history and wowzers I have a lot of catching up to do. I also look forward to more of your posts.
so are you trapped in there until she decides to leave? seems like an 800 lb ruminant might be a bit testy after just giving birth. 	haha of course, growing up here my family is quite aware of the implications. An emphasis on **back**yard, that van is an old junker. We also took the precaution of locking my nosy german pointer at the opposite end of the house.
do you by chance think they should be put down? Really a question, not trying to be a dick, just wanna know.	It's a necessary evil, but no. Allowing any sort of eugenics would open too many bad doors.
LOL philosophy.  I'll take a double espresso grande AMIRITE.  CUZ ONLY ENGINEERS GET JOBS YOU **FUCKING PLEBS ILL MURDER ANYONE WHO DOESN'T KNOW HOW TO USE A CALCULATOR LIKE ME.  FUCK YOU ALL**	Wait, philosophy is still taught in 'MURICUH? In le Sweden it's banned like all liberal arts. The only things you can major in are atheism and engineering.
because his personal wealth is tied to that dropped value. 	But he still cashed out a lot of it for more than it was worth. What he's holding now is closer to the true value so he hasn't really 'lost' anything - he just didn't entirely capitalize on it when it was mispriced.
122 hours on my DH. Stuck in act2. Thanks for reminding me I'm clearly doing things totally inefficiently/wrong. :D	GET MORE DAMAGE. GRRR PUMP THAT DPS.
Yeah, all these young-uns just don't know.  Back then there were so few of us.  The attire was not the focus *at all*... now it's just fashion.	For real.
[](/spikewtf) Why am I never in these things?	[](/flutterjerk 'Becaruse no one loves you.')
HOLY CRAP! I heard some mentions of cannibalism in Miami but I didn't hear the story. 	Dexter is on the fucken case.
Someone also yelled at me to use condoms. Granted, I have had a kid, but that was more bizarre than insulting	Misunderstood douchbag. He was just reminding you to have safe sex.  newlinechar 
This is really beautiful work.  What kind of wood did you use?	100% redwood, over 74 hours of work
Wow shit, I didn't even know E3 was next week	Neither did I, and I have the nerve to call myself a game dev. *Shame.*
You make new reddit seem so much more like old reddit. Thank you.	You do this everyday? So wickedly useful.
thank god for that translation 	I thought the translation was a joke near the end there... why is she sharing this with Facebook. I'm out like a rocket ship.
On reddit I learned that one does not simply stay off reddit	some people get trapped in reddit.
SPEED cant do that. All they do is broadcast the F1 feed and have their own commentators in Charlotte commentating.	Sure they can. The world feed comes in without commercials, they could split off the live world feed and show their commercials. They can't control the camera angles but the feed is constant.
... And a mint for after	Damn, I shouldn't have eaten the mint first.
I agree with the other two comments. Very nice work, any 'cheating' (projector)?	Thanks. No projector. All freehand and an occasional straight edge. If you look at the tan/brown building on the left side, you can see how I royally screwed up the proportions. It's not too noticeable unless you know what to look for. 
Leonin shikari has been my favorite combo with my Jenna deck... Using puresteel, and any 3 equipment, makes for all the fun times.	shikari really good. thanks!
wouldn't that make his remaining hours the happiest of his life?	a win-win. Lets do it.
...when not actively contributing to it, of course...	i contribute from time to time, on a various things. in this instance, the moment was right. plus it is SRD so there was a clear change of setting that was too juicy to pass up.
I posted this for an extra purpose. The first full voice acting (Fel Imp) is a very famous voice actor. who is he? I cannot place his damn voice, and its killing me.	Its [Richard Steven Horvitz](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0395777/) from Invader Zim! I feel like an idiot now.
As someone who uses adblock, isn't it more ethical for me to visit the imgur link?	They have links to their own merchandise; these are rarely blocked by adblock.
I still don't understand why LS and jinro goes mech in TvP, I watch both their streams and they never seem to win with it, even when they have a clear advantage. :p	Didn't LS say in one of his vlogs that mech absolutely sucks and has no future and you should go bio TvP.
I don't really agree. If it's fully WINE-compatible, then it's fully Linux-compatible. It just has WINE as a dependency. Would you say the same about Minecraft? It's written in Java and requires the JRE (a compatibility layer, if defined loosely).	If that's the case, would you say everything with a gold or platinum rating on the AppDB could be considered a native linux version?
To be fair I've never seen them suggest losing weight to anyone, 'fat shaming' is a big no-no there. Even their fitness subreddit consists almost entirely of articles saying that it's healthy to be fat, haha.	Fiancee and I had a good laugh over this. 
I feel like this is a test...	Do you?
**Sorry for quality, the image has only 70x90 and 12kb...** newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar update too on blur skill icon newlinechar  newlinechar [NEW](http://myup.ir/images/35614587541548292476.png) newlinechar  newlinechar [OLD](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-IagcoKq5WzE/T7RfSfehMrI/AAAAAAAACLM/BRH4i9T_B8s/s0/phantom_assassin_blur.png)	Hm. Not sure how I feel about that. She looks a bit more surprised then I would have expected.
You are getting dime bag dealer prices dude! Get your 215 card, you can straight up meet growers on Craigslist and get better than $10/g. 	You don't even need a 215 to get better prices than that. 
Just don't drive more than 5 over the speed limit and you should be fine.	That's what I usually do, but I didn't know if there were any places where doing even that would get you into big trouble.
Wow, that takes guts to do.	I see what you did there...
[*le fakn sister was playn le Disney songs in le herw on hr fn an got dem stak in Mai hed so nao I haf t wach teh muvi fakn sistr*](/ranrar)[*le maybe we should have le /r/Braveryjerk movie watching party of it dis wiknd?*](/spoderman) 	[*ya we shud orgnis wekly /r/Braveryjerk muvie tim*](/bigs)[*i sugest we wtch dis movie:http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0082933/*](/lmar)
I believe all I did was provide context for why 'Ditzy Doo' was used rather than the more well-known 'Derpy (Hooves)'; not everypony recognizes 'Ditzy Doo'.	Then I apologise.  I misread the context, and thought it was a *'My canon is the only canon, and anyone who thinks otherwise is bad'* post, something that particularly irritates me. newlinechar  newlinechar My mistake then.
Why's that?	The lighting is pretty poor
What about their illustrious playoff history, though? newlinechar  newlinechar Ha- I should write comedy for a living...	They have a strong Super Bowl losing tradition.
Don't worry. He'll know. 	'SuperPoop says hi' newlinechar  newlinechar how cryptic ;)
:) Unfortunately, I dance like a squid on heroin, which results in legs and arms a-flailing and looking like an malfunctioning water hose.	Hahaha! I am white so you know the extent of my dancing capabilities. 
If there was single player, people would be bitching that you cant imort your sp character to bnet. newlinechar  newlinechar I get it. I am probably going to gt torchlight 2 after i find time to beat the first one.	Yes, that was exactly how Blizzard defended not having separate auction-house-ready characters and LAN-characters. Apparently their customers are easily 'confused' by such complicated issues.
So they sent you SEXUAL content without your consent?  I'm sorry you had to experience that.	It was a drawing, but yeah.
It's like its a TV show or something!	Wait, what. Isn't NonSequiturEdit's commentt another line from Liam Neeson's improv pitch in Life's Too Short?
Wouldn't that blow your cover with the sapper and knife too?	Only the sapper, unless you can right click that, idk I don't play spy. But attacking with the knife drops your disguise anyway.
Exactly why this isn't going to happen, there is no money to be made. Now Planetary Resources, on the other hand, has a pretty good shot, as there is tons of money to be made. 	a single plutonium or uranium mine on Mars would probably pay for the expedition
Not original.	OP is just trying to milk all the possible karma out of it.
ohhh the jealousy builds	He's pretty delightful. I found him at the shelter almost 4 years ago. I highly reccomend acquiring one for yourself, as long as its not mine, I'm rather protective ;)
the new female character, fixing some map exploits, and im guessing prepping for the summer sideshow event.	Summer sideshow? Forgive my ignorance from only playing since after the Christmas event, but what is that?
What I love most about this game is how it's main character is, for all intents and purposes, Dale Cooper from *Twin Peaks*. Not even a subtle nod, just, blatantly, Dale Cooper.	And the girl **is** Naomi Watts.
[Mitchells Bar](http://www.mitchellswestlake.com/Volleyball.html) has an outdoor league.  [Mullberry Sports Club] (http://mulberryscleveland.com/mulberrys/) also has outdoor action.	I shall take a look at them, thank you.
It'd be even better if the sexMachine would be taking part too	They could take turns 'pressuring' WhoreZain.
Thanks, it means a lot!	Sharing your story around they say sometimes soothes the aching heart. newlinechar 
That's not even close to bushy.  newlinechar  You have much nudity to discover young grasshopper.   	For example: a young [Demi Moore](http://photos1.blogger.com/blogger/1617/742/1600/demi%20bush.jpg) newlinechar  newlinechar NSFW(boob and bush...lots and lots of bush) 
The soundtrack to SC seems to make or break it, depends on your tastes it seems. newlinechar  newlinechar That being said, I thought Nujabes fucking *made* that anime.	I think one of my favorite scenes in terms of the music is when Gin was saving the damsel in distress, and 'Counting Stars' started playing.
Same with friends you've hooked up with. And exes. And siblings you took baths with when you were little. Why is life so hard?	guys seriously, i JUST realized that under all my clothes, I AM NAKED!!!! newlinechar  newlinechar why didn't any one tell me?
Eso. Igualmente, que hay de malo que se posteen links de La Nacin. Yo ya lo leo al diario, pero ac tambin importan las discusiones que se dan entre los redditors. Hay comentarios con contenido, comentarios que me hacen reir. 	O llorar..
As an Illinoian living on the border of Iowa, you guys suck at driving.  It's probably because tractors don't have a great turn radius.	[As a former Illinoisan.](http://i.imgur.com/MUDYX.gif)
####[~~LE FAKN THIS IT'S LE PEFRECT~~](/yey)[*LE LITERALLY*](/dolanwalk) LE YES	[~~le gusta~~](/megusta)[](/truestory)
i'll give it a shot. working tomorrow, saturday morning perhaps? newlinechar 	dont look at me, its your decision. but yay :D
Wow. Talk about low-hanging fruit.   newlinechar  newlinechar Anyone have any good bdsm fiction that I can recommend to my ex?  Something that might spark her interest?	Story of O is great, but fairly intense for starters... But I really liked it?
How about this:  an opera is a musical, 'South Pacific' for Italians and whatnot.  And a cantata is, except for being mostly in song, what you want to hear when you go to a concert and want the band to play from their latest album.	So cantatas were a medely of popular tunes? That seems entirely likely. Strauss and Ravel collected their most popular waltzes and repackaged them into published orchestral works.
Thank you quiet kindly! I'm not entirely sure what they do...but I smell somethin' a little fishy about all those wow factors!	The two guys on Auction Hunters say that only like 1/5 of their units are profitable, and those are the ones on the show.
*'Thankfully Aye don't olreddy remember this.'*	'That demo's a bloody SPY!' -Demoman
Phish!!!	I honestly have not gave them a good listen. I'm a bad person :O
Always always always remember that a playground FULL of children will help you be hidden. You'll be in even less trouble if you cary a firearm. Children Save Lives. Brought to you by CSL- *Your Gateway to the Freedom Land Since 1855*	Great idea.  Then I can blame it on one of the kids if anyone smells anything- you know 6 year olds these days, always smoking joints!
I feel like I need to buy this, just so I can work out to it. 	8 bucks on amazon
Are we all but Karma Whores, one way or another?	Very philosophical. As in, the non-karma whores are simply posers, and the wretchedest of us all?
If you're breaking condoms regularly, your partner isn't ummm... how should I put it,  'ready' and you should consider a bit of lube!  newlinechar  newlinechar However, haven't had any issues with these breaking!	Or she has teeth or claws inside of her vagina.  Have you checked for teeth or claws, Ballsey?
He kept talking about not wanting a war in Vietnam.	Still, in a way, based on the way that the US's foreign policy was shaping up prior to that time, that snowball was already rolling. newlinechar  newlinechar Containment, for one. 
And if you go with Blood Artist you need to add Killing Wave	Killing Wave *is* pretty fun.  Not necessarily good, but fun.
Congratulations sir, This is the first joke that made me laugh.	Same here, it's because we're monsters and imagined the sound smell and smoke of the searing flesh. Accompanied by his screams of course.
Stoke, away? Might as well give them next year's CL trophy right now.	I just started a new season yesterday. I know it's not quite a big achievement but it's still the biggest margin I've won thus far. 
Helen Keller walks into a bar. Then she walks into a chair. Then she walks into a table...	Why did Helen Keller's dog run away? You'd probably run away too if your name was 'HNDNDHSJKKGGGL'
So violent Australians are fine but violent Africans are not? You condemn one but not the other? 	Violent Australians in Australia is just a reality. We have a population of 22 million. I could condemn them but I don't care enough. However, violent Africans in Australia is an imported problem that I do condemn.
I pay no more than $0.	and a blowjob?
hey, lulu's laugh is adorable! 	Yes, especially when she snorts. newlinechar  newlinechar &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;
My friend said the exact same thing today so i'm going to rename it. :P	far out.
...or until America realizes what the *real* gay agenda is.... 'leave me alone'. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Suuure...That's exactly what you want us to think. 
Especially since wheat is just lying around for free in villages.	I will give you your crops back for three diamonds.
No, he's in Copenhagen Wolves, the team with Angel, miGGel, MaNia-, and Ryze.	Didn't Ryze post a big YESSSSSS twitter status the other day? Implying that they got invited?
Why the fuck do people have a hardon for player housing? I've played various MMOs over the years and never really wanted it.	You probably never played a game that it has worked in, like UO.
[Let's go!](http://i.imgur.com/rfBy2.gif)	Awesome gif. Saving this one.
why would an art teacher need roadkill?	We were suppose to draw it. Was pretty sweet.
Visually, maybe. But regarding raw wingpower she was still on the low end of the curve.	If I recall correctly, some of the calculations placed her at over 10 wingpower, which puts her on the upper tier. I could go back and recheck, but I'm drunk and it's late, so please correct me if my memory is failing me.
And who calls them that? They're the Eddas.	Yeah, Snorri's work is properly called the Prose Edda. However, it also has been called Snorri's Edda in scholarly work. Really either would do. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Just reread the post and saw the youtube comment refers to it as Snorre Saga. &gt;&lt;
And is that really so bad?	As of now I am indifferent towards it. There is indeed potential, however.
From the picture, I'd swear that was a chorizo and rice soup I've made a few times, with bocconcini cheese. newlinechar  newlinechar Do the eggs stay whole, and cook solid? This looks really tasty.	The whites will solidify and the yolks stay runny.  They tend to spread out and give the liquid some more viscosity once you start dipping bread into it. newlinechar  newlinechar That answer your question?
I saw way too many people wearing whatever soccer stuff they had. Weirdest was a guy wearing a Lukas Podolksi jersey. Best was a guy wearing a Zambia jersey.	My buddy wore his Polska Euro 2008 jersey.  I thought that was pretty unique.  He got a ton of compliments on it.
So very, very wrinkly.	One of the few instances where wrinkles are appropriate and yet he still somehow overdoes it.
I feel like everything I learned during my 7 years at an all boys middle/high school has culminated in this one thread haha. 	You should try writing a short.  You'd be amazed what people will pay for as long as you give a woman her orgasm.  
Oh yeah definitely. I wonder though the coin in that looks to be made of a different material. Could that mean anything?	There isn't really any consistency expected in fantasy replicas, so I don't know if it would mean anything or not. Sorry, it's really outside of the realm of actual coins. It is really attractive though.
Its unsettling because its the testimony was from the mans father, why would the fisherman's dad lie about ned impregnating his wife? If Jon isnt the bastard alluded to, then who is?	Varys (sp) ? newlinechar 
I read this in Beef's voice. Screw you, flair!	They're in our heads maaannn!
Hey guys...uhm, I skipped step 2. How am I supposed to explain to the people at the ER I got 2nd degree burns on my junk from a pizza?	They've seen everything at the ER. No worries.
I'm not a big fan of their toilet paper products.	I've learned that there are certain things you should never try to save money on in life... toilet paper is one of them.
which was a repost to begin with.  almost *too much* bravery	Bravery level: Ron Paul
Exactly. The 'Italian mid-engined supercars for less than a second-hand Mondeo Challenge'. Series 7, Ep 4.	I think I'll go watch that right now.. 
Are you running on concrete?	My apologies, I forgot to mention that I'm actually biking the hill.  I've quit running due to knee pain which isn't an issue on the bike.  The road/hill I'm biking is paved though. 
LSD doesn't make you eat people.	What about (wait for it) ZOMBIE LSD? You eat it...before it eats you.
Nice body, spectacular breasts, and an amazing ass. Is that kind enough?	Incredibly kind!
It made it look fake/CGI almost. I came to the comments to see ifI was the only one ready to call BS on it.	Me too, I was wondering why it looked warped... the waves look so weird.
[Not a watercolor, but I found *something*](http://images.fineartamerica.com/images-medium/toilet-of-course-bob-dornberg.jpg)	I was thinking more of a womans breast pooping out men. 
the catheter newlinechar  newlinechar ftfy	You sound like you have experience in this situation.
Also the girlfriend says, 'It wasn't him. Somebody did this to him.' newlinechar  newlinechar Take some fucking responsibility people.	Show some fucking empathy. No one really knows what the dudes mind was doing at that moment. Psychotic breaks can manifest in many fucked up ways. newlinechar  newlinechar No one easily accepts that a person they were totally cool with and loved is a murderous psycho.
I just watched the next video and the guy was super hot: http://www.cracked.com/video_18422_how-to-get-away-with-watching-porn-at-work-using-history.html?pid=1&amp;wa_vrid=18399&amp;cp=1&amp;wa_vlsrc=post-plate	I guess you mean Cody Johnston? newlinechar  newlinechar That's cool. Soren/DOB are more my type.
In their defense, Moses did lose some of the commandments and god refused to replace them.	What a dick.
dude	lol you're in the 'MOST OFFENSIVE JOKE' thread.  
It only bothers me when I can only afford a gram or so and I have to save it for some reason or another. 	Like, you'd like to smoke all of what you paid for?
Got it. ['Black Cadillacs' by Modest Mouse](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=zdP31__K65w#t=23s).	Solved. Thanks so much man! newlinechar 
I've learned to play it safe on this forum :)	Better safe than sorry, I say. But when people see SMASH NUTS they start to ask questions. It's only natural. I just wanted people to be able to seek their answers in safety.
Except that Katara and Aang are still together, are set to remain so for fifty-odd years, and wind up having three kids. So there's, you know, that.	I've never let logic or continuity sink my ship, I can't imagine the Zatara's are much different.
I forget the exact name, but it had something to do with the sea, and it had an anchor picture on the front	That hat would be the 'Salty Dog' I belive.
Sandstorms are not part of the weather.	What do you mean by 'not part of the weather'?
Dude, I would pay for you, but I'm broker then a motherfucker.	Yea, the price is expensive. I would pay for myself too, only if I had a credit card.
LEONARD BERNSTEIN!	Wow. Did not see that one coming.
Yeah I know that it's probably a troll but still made me mad	Replying to him just plays into his game. Leave him be. newlinechar  newlinechar [Seeing as how our cowardly little troll has cut and run, it was this delightful little fella, for the record (and posterity).](http://www.reddit.com/user/JesusLovedSemen)
Such a lucky dog ;)	He is such a good boy. I love that little bugger
Dang, thanks for the correction. I know that 'a lot' is correct, but I occasionally make the 'alot' mistake... 	Ha, no problem. Thanks for not calling me out on my grammar nazism. newlinechar  newlinechar Although I really did imagine a giant furry alot positioned in the Leafs goal, all suited up.
i've always used ice and cold water but the other day i heard about the hot water so we tried it. The warmth feels amazing and none of us coughed at all and i was high for much longer than i usually am	it makes you feel like a boss when you can clear massive hits, and then zero them
Does it look like the skull is moving to the left to anyone else?	Yes. And it never stops. Yet it never goes anywhere... My braaiinn
I see what you did there.. lol	I was just waiting for someone to :D Your name has earned me karma, thank you sir.
sick video- made me really think about how it is pretty much a lost art form	Wise words - made me think about how sick the video was.  
No, it's called collegiate wrestling, freestyle is a separate form. I'm not sure what point you're trying to make. Men (and women!) are capable of making bodily contact in a nonsexual context. Even if it was gay, why should that be funny?	TIL collegiate style wrestling is the same as folk style. newlinechar  newlinechar I used to wrestle, so I was confused by your response until I found out that both styles were in fact the same thing.
This question can not be answered.  There is no observational evidence that suggests wormholes even exist.	And many good reasons to think they don't, like the fact they require negative energy density. newlinechar  newlinechar However, it can still be answered by considering the curvature around a wormhole metric with a mass on one side.
H2?   Sounds like MTV2.  Pretty soon they won't be playing any history on that station either.	They should really just create History Channel Documentaries Network (HCD). That way, they would play documentaries all day long. About History. And the occasional alien. 
I agree that it is the obvious solution I was just commenting on how cool it is that Luis von Ahn himself takes time to answer.	WOW. My apologies. I didn't even see that Mr. von Ahn himself responded! I thought you were being sarcastic! xD
Live and in person? newlinechar  newlinechar Wouldn't have to go back far. Game 7, 2004 ALCS.	You..you lucky son of a bitch.
How do you get 1000 dead babies into a bathtub? newlinechar  newlinechar A blender. newlinechar  newlinechar How do you get them out? newlinechar  newlinechar Tortilla chips. newlinechar  newlinechar (also that aborted baby one was seriously legendary)	What's the best part about stabbing a dead baby 30 times? newlinechar 32 places to put your dick.
Disturbingly photogenic superhero loves fighting genocide	Double pastrami sandwich lunches for gynecologists.
OK.  [I'm going to buy this, yeah?](http://www.amazon.com/Starting-Strength-3rd-Mark-Rippetoe/dp/0982522738) newlinechar  newlinechar I've signed up for 24 Hour Fitness.  Anyone near Santa Clara, CA?  I wouldn't mind meeting someone at the 24 Hour Fitness on Lawrence Expressway, to get some ideas.	That's the one. Been on it about a month, really explains how and why for each of the 5 lifts.
i soo wanna be the dick to say look in a mirror, but thats just wrong.	I promise you, it's not.
plato was a pretty cool guy.	Indeed. Or perhaps the understatement of the history of philosophy. Karl jaspers said all philosophy is commentary on Plato's work.
If this was a reference to the scam-artist pizza place, I read way too much reddit.	You read another thing that is on the front page now too??? GET OFF OF REDDIT, YOU'VE GONE TOO FAR!!!
This is such an amazing picture. It has that hazy nostalgic sun fade to it. now all you need is some Boards of Canada. Uptokes for you my frient. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0tbuZgjqJc - Left Side Drive	Awesome song man. I've been listening to a lot of chillwave like that recently.
I say we take off and nuke the site from orbit.	Powering up the friendship cannon. 
I thought it was with a whimper. Depending on the bomb of course. 	True straw man. 
That is correct, I am that sort of bogan. Attached is a pic of my hotted up ute. [http://imgur.com/100OF,abLbn](http://imgur.com/100OF,abLbn) . Not even joking	Living the dream mate.
actually I think Skrillex's songs are mixed pretty nice, but I don't know if he does all the mastering and mixing.	He probably mixes it, maybe not masters it. Skrillex is actually a really good producer. 
Did you just sharpen it and then compress it again?  newlinechar  newlinechar I think we've beat it too much.. :(	[once more? for old times' sake?](http://i.imgur.com/hOVcS.jpg) newlinechar  newlinechar ninjaedit: i'm so sorry
The east coast seems to have an X with the center at about Atlanta... so maybe The Walking Dead is a sign of things to come.	I live just outside Atlanta, so I really hope not. 
I don't think it's so much that the games themselves are bad, reviewers long-since got burnt out playing the same game rehashed every few years so the reviews are abysmal.  That leave pretty much only the diehards buying them. newlinechar  newlinechar Personally, I think they're a blast multiplayer.	Madden. 
Then how come we never hold one?	Because it would probably look like the third annual Socially Awkward Penguin Festival. I say third annual, because we would already be *really* good at it.
I agree with what you said, but I'll still dance for joy when Roose inevitably dies.	Oh, so will I. I can't decide if I want Jon or Arya to kill him. Sansa needs to kill Cersei. 
Because God knows only America is to blame. 	China? Never heard of 'em. 
What does that even mean?	you did not change the line in any way whatsoever in terms of meaning, you just used a different word which makes it sound a lot worse and more mouth-breather like.
[](/derpyhappy 'yes that's me! Ditzy Doo. Derpy for short.') newlinechar  newlinechar [](/raritywut 'wait how does Ditzy Doo shorten to Derpy?') newlinechar  newlinechar [](/derp 'muffin!')	Middle name?
I dont understand..	Think 8 like ate.
well, what got them all riled up?	The fact that a girl *dared* show her face on reddit for a precious precious resource.
Yeah, like a cave spider!  They could spawn rarely and drop like a poison potion or spider eye or something.	Yes! But it should be a scorpion eye, with all the same functions and properties as a spider eye, kind of like the coal-charcoal relationship!
I'd at least change the cars on Autopia to electric ones. Those fumes smell great, but they're definitely not good to be breathing in and it'll increase the parks 'green' appearance.	i agree. Loading that ride sucks. I feel bad for the castmembers that have to work the pit and breathe in those fumes.
Sorry, I refuse to do business with gay insect larvae.	In all seriousness, sold this fish a couple years ago, think they were about $75. 
I have 3 maternal grandmothers. 	wut.
I just shed a tear hearing this from a cubs fan. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, you made it sound like you expect Danks and Floyd to regress. I sure hope you meant it the other way around.	In common parlance 'regress' often means 'to decrease,' but when statisticians use the word it just means 'to move toward the mean,' whether that move is an increase or decrease. The mean in this case being the 'true talent' level of a player.
Odd request, but I am actually going to the kendall costco tomorrow.  Send me a message before tomorrow morning and I'll do my best to help out (I have never gotten a private message so hopefully I know how to retrieve it).  	Same way you get your comment replies.
I'm working on making a bigger one [1900x1080]. I'll post it if anyone is interested?	god speed! 
Headlines tomorrow: Harper budget further cuts funding to Environment Canada.  Wildlife monitoring office for Oil Sands will be closed.	[It's funny because it's true](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DYje57V_BY)
A good pirate learns how to sail before he thinks himself seaworthy.	Argh. I'll walk the plank.(seriously tho is there?)
I was right below that. Made me feel old. Also, using lifetime game spending? That skews higher for people who are a bit older. $4000 isn't a ton when it's spread out over a large number of years.	Yeah but it only applies to gaming disks. So all your Steam downloads, WoW subscription fees, and NES Carts don't count. 
Because he said fuck once and apparently that's enough.	Allow it.
He had his tongue cut out.	You really cut to the chase, there.
No Frodo, that doesn't count	I feel like this comment was completely underrated
la papa: potato, el papa: pope	el pap : father
Really? Well... can we say he's the first *real* human being to ever build a pyramid with his feet? :o	I wouldn't know. I'm just citing rule 225 of the internet. 'The Simpsons already did it. South Park already did it better. NO EXCEPTIONS'
I'm a little lost... VA? Mako? 	[Mako](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mako_Iwamatsu) was the voice actor (VA) for Iroh.
It does. Insanely didnt know the difference.	whoa o_o newlinechar  newlinechar *the more you know!*
Sorry guys, I've been there and it wasn't really anything special. The horses were cool as fuck though	That's probably because the fights are staged.
[](/notsureifgusta)	[](/biggusta)
WAS ;_;	Haha yeah actually I gave him to my roommate who moved far away and who I lost touch with. He was a fairly young python so he could be living it up right now on a stripper's shoulders or as an extra on the set of Anaconda 6 or something.
I have sex quite often and I still find the story to be pretty fucking stupid.	&gt; I have sex quite often newlinechar  newlinechar Those are some amazing credentials.
I'm wearing this shirt RIGHT NOW	Dude i have that shirt and i've worn it three times, everytime blacked out... that shirt is a riot
yeh somehow I doubt they took all that shit for copyright infringement :P	OP;s post sounds like something they do to people who create large viruses/hack stuff
Meh... I'd argue that the first part of the line was merely a setup for the insult; the intent was actually to keep Draco from boasting, but rather to deliver his own, more subtle jab at the Weasleys. newlinechar  newlinechar Perhaps I took this too seriously.	Which is funny because he is the one that initially starts to boast when he says 'When it rains, you'll be the first to know.'
hey, I saw those, the third one especially pissed me off. Instead of just reporting OMM for hate speech, I reported the people who posted these comments for hate speech as well. 	The second one especially pissed me off. It's 'couldn't care less', not 'could careless'. Vomit!
Was going to down vote, glad I was vigilant.	/salute
Ah yes I am a statistics major. I should use the power of numbers to help me come to my senses!	Seriously though, the only problem here is having some shame about boning.  Boning is rad, and great, and I will sleep with every guy in America to prove it if I have to.  Love yourself!  Because you're awesome!
Maybe a great storm will kill everyone and the beauty of nature will rule Earth again. It would be worth dying for that. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Slightly relevant to the idea of genocide.	And the atheist's dream of heaven is to get one last look at the earth once we are all gone. 
[Screamers...](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9K18CGEeiI&amp;feature=g-all-f&amp;context=G28501e7FAAAAAAAAOAA)	This just turned my crappy night around. Thank you.
You must be crazy if you think Vista and 7 aren't light years better than XP.  newlinechar  newlinechar The reason XP is still around because developers haven't done their jobs and updates their shit for companies. 	&gt;The reason XP is still around because developers haven't done their jobs newlinechar  newlinechar It's mostly true. Sometimes, though, people who have next-to-nothing to do with development are making decisions about development.
I think I am that friend. I am always happy to hear from people, and am ALWAYS there if a friend calls and is in need, but I just don't ever think to initiate contact... I am trying to work on it. I feel bad. 	Don't feel bad, just do your best to let them know your thinking about them :)
i shall allow you to use it to the fullest extent of your amusement. neon pink is a great choice.	That was the color I was leaning towards actually!
And then there are those games where they don't want to surrender, and you're stuck waiting for the enemy to finish the game, and they just drag their feet. 20 minutes is long, but 30 is even worse. 	Those games end up feeling longer than the winning 50 min games.
A little something my wife said once, 'Big girls give the best head cause they always hungry!'	A lot of people have said that. 
The back lifter needs to cup the ass cheeks. It gets you higher and no more wedgies!	Good point. It's those frisky front lifters you have to keep an eye on.
This reminds me of the Dane Cook sketch about how if your group doesn't have someone that everyone hates, then you are that person. newlinechar  newlinechar And yes I'll be expecting extra praise for positively mentioning Dane Cook.	YOU MONSTER, HE STOLE JOKES FROM LOUIS CK newlinechar  newlinechar But yeah, I just imagine 4 of these people in a group thinking 'everyone is useless but me'. newlinechar  newlinechar And then they get a C and blame everyone else and bitch about it on the Internet.
It's only rumors at this point. You're still better off waiting for an upgrade or sale, both of which are very likely in the coming months.	Okay I'll keep an eye out for it. 
Please install RES, like an adult. 	As someone who browses reddit 99% of the time on an iPad, I wish I could.
Why can't it just be put out? I honestly don't know...	because the city just wants to burn it out. It would be very expensive to suffocate it.  newlinechar  newlinechar And they wont unless the EPA gets involved.
I recently bought CTR on my psp for nostalgia's sake. How I ever beat it as a 10 year old, I have no idea, because I can't do it now.	Oh god the airship level with the bomb spam.
Because god made them stand against the wall (palms on wall, like being frisked) when he spraypainted them. 	Because they were on all fours while god spray painted them black newlinechar  newlinechar ftfy
But, but. . .the diagrams always show it looking bag-like! I was LIED to?! D:	If it helps, a one sided tube would look pretty bag looking.
He probably mixes it, maybe not masters it. Skrillex is actually a really good producer. 	I know, I like that about him. Also you know who just impressed me once again? Madeon. Check his last [teaser](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hiJ9MrDK2nI) . What do you guys think?
Looks like a bunch of illegal tackles. 	But they're synched with the music!
you didnt mention that they increased the ratio on ahri's r and w- it's a base damage nerf but a scaling buff  newlinechar  newlinechar Galio is the other way. Base damage left the same but scaling nerfed 	No its just a nerf to ahri because you need 800 AP to break even on w and 300 AP for r.
Karma doesn't make you any better in life, or in this case, worse. newlinechar  newlinechar There is chance that he is a nice guy.	he may be a nice guy, but he's already revealed his horrible past. karma is his limbo.
Oh, KittenStabber. You and your boners.	His weapon of choice for kitten stabbing, I assume?
In the continental U.S. and Canada alone, there are 482 ladybug species.  So per Occam's Razor, it's safer to assume it's not a genetic mutation.  And in this case, the species is the old favourite, [*Anatis mali*](http://bugguide.net/node/view/185608/bgpage).	Wow, I had no idea there were so many. Thank you very much!
Actually it's even more than that. You have to start by putting one on a side, there are then 3 spots left on that side, while there are 4 spots left on the other. So the chances of them being on opposite sides is 4/7 (about 57%).	Math. You lost me at 'Actually'.
http://www.reddit.com/r/Fitness/comments/uey50/hair_loss_weight_lifting_and_whey_protein/c4ut1tu  newlinechar  newlinechar what do you think?	Ehh, seems too simplified, physiology is really complex. There may be compensatory mechanisms involved. Nothing comes up on pubmed.gov for this, so I'd agree that it's conjecture.
[I thought of something funnier than 24.... 25](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nX6N2tgLmaQ)	[Pfftch.](http://i3.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/005/165/PFFFFT.png)
I think that is Minecrafts problem that can not be fixed by viva. Some one can correct me if i am wrong.	You are correct.
Same here, it's because we're monsters and imagined the sound smell and smoke of the searing flesh. Accompanied by his screams of course.	Swiftly followed by: 'I have fucking melted my shades!!'
They do offer a way to preview the content. newlinechar  newlinechar [Here](http://www.libertyclassroom.com/liberty-classroom-samples/) newlinechar  newlinechar 	That is probably a good enough sample for people to make a decision, thanks.  Also great that it names the esteemed faculty.  Holy moly.
I want contradict and support this conclusion at the same time.	[](/mspa)
Yeah, he left Julian out of the will, which is odd because they started to become closer towards the end of his life. Honestly, he was a dick to Julian, even saying in an interview that Julian 'came from a whiskey bottle' or something to that effect.	Well, to be fair, he might have just never thought to update the will, especially where he was relatively young when he died.
Just thinking about a woman in a bathtub of 20 sided die makes me want to message someone.	That's like, a lot of 20 sided dice. I think I'd need all of my nerd friends and all of their friends and their friends friends to pull that off.
[](/nmm 'Yes, humans! Liberate me from my prison!')	[](/rohhi) And now you know why the Republican candidate is Mitt Romney!
This is one of the few ones in this thread I haven't seen coming. 	I was actually offended by this one. Good job bro
Yeah, but what if bath salts is the catalyst for the zombie apocalypse?!?	This. I think a lot of people are expecting Zombies to be undead motherfuckers coming for your braaaaains. But zombies to me is anybody that wants to fucking eat me and wont stop even if they're shot multiple times...
You better convert it. If not, then by law you have to give it to me.	Just do it right. If you tapco it, I will find you. If you do a beautiful Bulgarian wood furniture job, we can be friends.
Steve Jobs - The Exclusive Biography by Walter Isaacson. newlinechar  newlinechar You could have looked it up.	Thanks!
&gt;and the large horned goat I assume is a unicorn newlinechar  newlinechar Wait, what? Why would the large horned goat be anything other than a large horned goat? Where are you getting unicorn?	It gets mentioned a few times that unicorns still live on Skagos.
It's from that really embarrassing scene in 40 y/o Virgin where the guys figure out that he's never felt a breast.	Which is maybe a slight reference to that one scene in the Wild Wild West movie with Will Smith?
If GRRM ever kicks the bucket, you are hired.	Haha no, I'd just end up making Dany sex up *everyone*. newlinechar  newlinechar dat ass newlinechar  newlinechar But seriously though, I'd stick to what I think GRRM is gonna end up doing with the three dragons (Aegon, Danearys, .....Jon Snow) 
I tried to make it spoiler-free spoiler as possible in case anyone does choose to look.	[Book spoiler](/b 'I do find it slightly odd that so many people seem to think that they are winning.  As someone else said, the Lannisters and Tyrells are on the same side.  That's a fairly powerful alliance.')
I had two of them with faulty dimm slots. Bad luck maybe	Its asus in general. i thought it was their basic boards, but no. My friend had a ROG 1366, and the CPU slot was dead. He exchanged it only to get dead pci slots.  newlinechar  newlinechar Gigabyte worked like a, charm. newlinechar  newlinechar asus, what happened?
Dance Yrself clean has the best drop of any song I have ever heard. newlinechar  newlinechar Sorry to use the word drop but my statement stands.	here here!
New film, coming this summer: *The Iceberg*, a groundbreaking film that exposes the bloody Japanese penguin slaughtering industry for all to see, the story they tried so hard to supress...	**Penguin Gulag** newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Directed by Michael Bay newlinechar 
Hmmm... I thought you were confused?	Awww... I thought Reddit liked username jokes :(
Ahw ;) so cute!!! (I love your username :D)	Thanks again. its actually a clue to another redditor. I know she went looking for my previous post but idk if she ever found it.
Ahhh I'm so excited to go when they come down here. One more month!  newlinechar  newlinechar I'm doing my best not to spoil it but so far it's been too late as far as knowing what medleys they play. 	Where are you seeing it?
I just fucking lost it. That was hilarious.	Jimmy Carr, I think.
[Why does your Lapras have a red eye and a blue tooth?](http://i.imgur.com/smz8S.png)	It's the confetti. Either that, or she is just a little bit special.
The dissertation was on the intrinsic values of cognitive deception through artificial cunnilingus on maternal subjects.  newlinechar  newlinechar aka how he faked chowed your mom. ;p	Mom said he was no good anyway.
hey yeah! i just heard about the Baader-Meinhof Phenomenon and now i see it everywhere!	Because everyone on here sees one comment regarding something and then pastes it everywhere for a few days to sound like an expert
Yes! But it should be a scorpion eye, with all the same functions and properties as a spider eye, kind of like the coal-charcoal relationship!	Yes.  or even a scorpion tail, and the eye/tail could be brewed into a poison potion.  I like your idea similar to the coal/charcoal thing, that's genius.
Correct. Yeah, that and anyone who has had their soul taken from them cannot be brought back. Im so happy other people read Nartuo as well.  But maybe he and The 4th will come back at the end as holograms like Qui Gon and Yoda in star wars. Ha.	Its funny. They just released the episode explaining they couldn't. But I agree. Sage naruto vs sage jiraya would be sick
To me it's the role of technology and science needs to be beneficial and not detrimental.	Perzactly.
Moo.	Cluck.
[I did it for you. For our love.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SHHHHHEEEEEEEEIIIITT/)	FUCK NO newlinechar  newlinechar FUCK
They literally gave us something, for free.  What was free wasn't good enough.  There is no wishes of the customers, if you use that logic than if everyone wished for infinite RP, Riot should have to give it to us, right?? newlinechar  newlinechar No.	USERS give free games publicity, exposure, playability, etc. Invaluable things that only we can give them. We give them time, my friend. Its not horrible of us to expect something in return.
&gt;And that little processor will not to so hot to begin with hell the little Intel's are rocking better then the high end AMD stuff. newlinechar  newlinechar ...what	He said: newlinechar  newlinechar **And that little processor**.. ahh fuck it.
She stole 1.5 million from a school I can't believe she will get away with it. If I think about it to much I won't be able to sleep well tonight. Boils my blood thinking about it. 	If the school charges her then she won't get away with it. I can only imagine the school would love some or all of that $1.5million back.
[For the lazy](http://www.miniclip.com/games/bush-royal-rampage/en/)	I just played the entire thing, wtf. 5137th place.
The Ninja turtles needed ladyfriends...	I want to watch [this](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0100758/) now. Very muchly. 
'That demo's a bloody SPY!' -Demoman	18 days... Legit, but whadda ya doin' here? It's a long way from /r/tf2
Maybe I'll just point him in the right direction.	Yeah, it's too late to give him as a mother's day gift. 
This. You should get a thick fringe shaped like [this.](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-zwEzb3ki0-I/TxPgeClmBrI/AAAAAAAAA8s/Uz-xfX_p7zo/s640/emma+stone.jpg)	Those bangs would look amazing on you. I really like your hair color as is, but some highlights put in sparely would be summer-y and cute.
I just soloed inferno butcher as monk with 11k dps, it's not difficult.	The difference is that a WD with 13k dps at that point has terrible gear. A monk with 11k dps probably actually has decent defensive gear.
they really put it on. the kid died minutes later from glue poisoning. SO SAD KILL THE PARENTS.	Lyk dis if u cry evertim
Make sure it is long form, we want to make sure you were actually born.	But anyone can fake a birth certificate. We need photos of the birth, mother and fathers blood tests, including yours, potatoes and some jelly.
Redditor hits parked car, slams victim's license plate into his own car door to compensate raised insurance rate with karma.	I consent a re-submission.
Any links to more info on this? This is the first I've heard of it, and it intrigues me.	Do a google search my friend, you should get some results from the asoiaf forums that are full of people discussing this theory. I don't have anything to specifically link you to as I've just recently started taking this seriously myself.
&gt;Took this in France in 2008. newlinechar  newlinechar Nothing gets by you does it?	Hey, leave him alone, he's got his comment sorting set to 'random'.
[Really?](http://imgur.com/6tzhi)	Yup! I swear, I even have all of the short hair and everything. I don't feel quite comfortable posting my picture here, however.
The best way to put it is that I always had someone to talk to. 	which one were you?
A storage unit auction is when a tenant of a storage unit doesn't pay their bills. After a certain time, the facility auctions off the content of the unit to the highest bidder to remove the stuff and be able to put the unit back up to be rented.	Are storage owners required to do this? Why can't they just keep everything for themselves?
I think this is very likely, although there's always the possibility that the cycle will just start again, with Water.  That would sort of betray the shows dramatic rhythm, though.	They could be ballsy and have Korra lose her bending by the end of the season.
Theoretically they always know where you are anyways since you need to register/are registered as soon as you check into a hotel (but this information isn't stored in a central database if I am not mistaken). 	there is no way it is stored on a central database. I have gone back to the police station and they lose all the papers i gave them the last time and make me get all the papers again when i want to register
Think, how many fingers and how many holes. If it was one person....	10 fingers, 11 holes ...so? One extra hole, what's the big deal?   newlinechar Edit: OH. nvm saw explanation below
hey, i hear ya. actually, i'm not entirely gay, so i would be happy to 'fuck one million cunts' as long as they are as progressive as me. i have standards, y'know..	Straight guy here.  Is there really a 'gay, but not *entirely* gay?'  Like...if there was a gay family tree, your grandfather on your dad's side was 100% gay, but your grandma was Hispanic and your grandfather on your mom's side was John Wayne?
Hey...  We never use customer supply art to reproduce without customer approval.  We are very serious on customer's privacy and their image ownership.  Hobbyheart.com	Ah, that was meant to be a general remark about any dakimakura shop~ although you do reproduce dakemakura.com art for half the price.
I'm uhh.. going to find proof... You know.. for science..	please post your findings so we can... uh... form a hypothosis.
No fucking way.	Its funny in a thread about offensive jokes, Reddit can't handle any other kind of humor. Sorry guys for not making another pun that goes with one others on one other on one other on one other on one others.
id freak cause id think they were dead!	Me too!
You can always tell a Milford man.	Children are expected to be neither seen nor heard.
congrats!	Thanks :D
I dont get it?	goes *down* the chimney
[Wat.](http://i.imgur.com/P9g82.jpg)	Sorry, a little before your time.  Just a standup routine.
He's pretty dark for an Indian star - but he's from Texas! But OH GOD YES is he hot! 	Mohinder is South Indian.  South Indians are generally darker than north indians. Generally. Not always.
Do they make Montecristo #2 churchills...?	http://www.cigarswagger.com/?p=442 newlinechar  newlinechar Yes. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: No
Hahaha! I am white so you know the extent of my dancing capabilities. 	Let us dance. TOGETHER! (HP reference:)
That hat would be the 'Salty Dog' I belive.	Yeah, that's it.  Is it worth anything?
a totally reasonable and proportional reaction. 	He must've had the event confused. She probably stopped talking to him for three months.
That's what I usually do, but I didn't know if there were any places where doing even that would get you into big trouble.	rule of thumb, drive the speed everyone else is. newlinechar  newlinechar ive hit 85-90 on I-215 before newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 
Depends... are you going to behave?	Depends.... Is there a whip in the play?
yeah, I get it. it's just that mixtape material should get the listener hyped for the real release, not overshadow it.	not necessarily, an artist can use the mixtape to record the things he actually wants to. i hate j coles albums because they are really poppy and features a lot of artists that i can't stand, but his mixtapes seem to come from the heart.
All the answers you seek are [in here](http://www.counterpunch.org/2010/10/19/the-koch-empire-and-americans-for-prosperity/).	The guy in the video, Pete Eyre, is a former fellow at the Mercatus Center which is funded by the Koch bros. Thanks for the link. 
Sorry, I didn't mean to come off harsh, I just wanted to contribute.	Wasn't harsh at all, no worries. Suggestions are encouraged, I'm glad you watched my video. I wish everyone would go and comment on it. Share your ideas with me and everyone. That's what comments are for and I don't get many.
FYI, I think I'll need 1 million to retire in a comfortable fashion but right now I'm no where close (still 30 years to go).	You will need over to $2 million, in order to retire with '$1 million worth' of today's dollars in 30 years.  newlinechar  newlinechar *Assuming 2.5% annual inflation
I was awaiting something like 'oh so you too took an arrow to the knee?'	I used to wait for responses but then I took an arrow to the knee! newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: totally worth the negative karma
Also, a woman was charged with killing and eatting her baby. Sorry cant link these, if someone could link the article I would appreciate. I just googled the terms and a bunch of sites popped up. 	That happened in July of 2009, I believe, not 2012.
I heard they were moving to Albuquerque?	[They did](http://www.milb.com/index.jsp?sid=t342)
I would like to crap on U2 because their music is bland, repetitive and generally not pleasing to my ears. Effects have nothing to do with it.  	As evidenced by the example solo that was just posted before your comment
Get out of there, mate! Banks are increasing minimum balances to $1500, etc. find yourself a nice lass with the last name of 'credit union' and never look back. 	Man..I almost switched a few months back when a local credit union was giving away the kindle fire to switch your direct deposits. Shite! 
Ass, gas or grass?	Being nice? Some people have it. 
Salt Lake City is actually the most liberal part of Utah. Most people have mormon backgrounds, but are no longer members. 	Yeah, I heard that. Well I also heard Park City is the place with least Mormons.
Yeah, Snorri's work is properly called the Prose Edda. However, it also has been called Snorri's Edda in scholarly work. Really either would do. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Just reread the post and saw the youtube comment refers to it as Snorre Saga. &gt;&lt;	Right, I've heard of the Prose Edda being called Snorri's Edda, but neither Edda is really a saga by any real definition of the word. Which was my main issue.
No, I think he's pointing out the nose on the woman on the left is drawn up and looks kind of pig-ish.	*whoosh*
Haha. I ended up with an effect of 0.00000073%. I can't measure that amount. Maybe you can. :-)	thank you for being awesome! I decided to take one more look at reedit before sleep. thanks for the reply!
After all the shit he got during his 8 years in office, he's been really good about not criticizing the current President in public.	That's because that is what most past presidents do. It's kinda a tradition for former presidents to not say anything bad about the current president. Certain past presidents, of course, have not followed this tradition . . .
Don't want the steam keys or bastion then?	I suppose since I don't have a game to gift then it is out of the question. 
I dunno. If I lost that much money that quickly I'd be pretty pissed. 	So pissed that I would go out and buy another yacht.
Fair enough, it is a felony in my state anyways.  However, most of the time they'll just take it and trash it if you get caught anyways, but ignorance of the law is no excuse. 	ok cool, thanks!
wait, why the Phillies?	haha well I lived with 2 mets fans for a few years and the hatred kinda rubbed off.  again, this is a thread of hatred without truly significant reason to back it up.
The History channel is making this out to be Civil War v.2 when in reality it was a feud over a pig by two back country families.	You seem very uneducated. 
Spurs played horrible, and just about every Thunder player was hot tonight. Not to mention one player shut down the Spurs MVP. newlinechar  newlinechar tl:dr Sefolosha happened.	Ah, good to see Brooks listened to [my advice after the last game](http://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/ubm2y/if_you_blame_westbrook_for_this_loss_you_are_wrong/c4tzav6) to play Sefolosha more.
Hey brah, you go beach?	We go brah.
'Your capital is Chicago right?'	Naw. They never ask. They just assume.
dont look at me, its your decision. but yay :D	haha:)
    &gt;all of the zombie happenings newlinechar What?	IT KEEPS HAPPENING
Fuck that. newlinechar  newlinechar Eat cheese.	Yeah! Don't live your own life, live the way we want you to! 
They had to pick the worst Rockets logo, too.	D: Don't you talk bad about the most kickass logo/jersey combo ever.
Doesn't bother me. I kill them when I see them and when I sleep I don't know about it, so while I sleep I get to kill spiders without seeing them! The less spiders the better.	The less spiders the more mosquitoes.... newlinechar  newlinechar Fuck you.
Why not both?	Why not zoidberg?
And Canadians.	And med students 
Indeed. Similarly, I've never had my girlfriend so objectified as to when my mom met her for the first time. 	Care to elaborate? Sounds interesting.
You should have more upvotes.	you should too!
What what of it's so smart that it knows you will think that, and changes to the red wire?	Bring out the motherfuckin' chainsaw and slice that bitch in half!
That's actually a really good idea thank you, I can't believe that never occurred to me 	Or you could be direct, and tell him you're not interested.   newlinechar  newlinechar Don't hurt his feelings by bringing up the needy aspect, but you need to be honest with this guy. newlinechar 
This Sunday only at JC Penny's	JC Penney's doesn't do 'this Sunday only' you can get that deal everyday of the week.
RES filter r/politics, r/atheism and r/worldnews.	RES filter? RES FILTER? WAT DO? I wan't to get /r/trees off my /r/all so bad. 'HEY REDDIT THIS FAMOUS PERSON SMOKED WEED ONCE, DAE THINK THATS WHY THEY ARE FAMOUS?'
[Relevant rant.](https://docs.google.com/folder/d/0B-gVD2WfNA_MNzVWaWhRTmJUUEk/edit?docId=1q4hblnlaH6ifJs3qFhpGxP_VH7rszPaMh5AOszo-M0c)  newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Posted the wrong link at first. 	Pretty much [this](http://www.theonion.com/articles/gaypride-parade-sets-mainstream-acceptance-of-gays,351/) except with MLP.
[Go here](http://www.minecraftwiki.net/wiki/Minecraft_Wiki), just keep hitting random page and soak it all in. You could also watch some decent Let's Play content on youtube.	Thank you! I'm reading through it now.  newlinechar 
Hahahaaaaa... newlinechar  newlinechar ... i dont get it.	[](/itstime 'Luke, use the force....')
Thank You!! I'm really excited about it	/r/parenting and /r/daddit have interesting advice.  newlinechar  newlinechar Also, go to bed, it is late :0
Maaaaaaaaaaaatt daaaaaaaamooooon	/r/mylittledamon 
It is used as a crimp for wires. You put two (or more) wires in the slot, screw the nut down and it puts pressure on them. From that point you would wrap it in black electrical tape. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.grainger.com/Grainger/THOMAS-BETTS-Split-Bolt-Connector-3LK69?Pid=search	Wow, cool. I must have a *massive* one - the heaviest I could find was [this](http://www.grainger.com/Grainger/THOMAS-BETTS-Split-Bolt-Connector-3LK70), for $54.40, and it weighs less than one pound.
Ok I've seen them use shielding, and they have plague too, so I just hope the other two affixes aren't too bad... JAILER AND DESECRATER??? newlinechar  newlinechar Alt+f4 life.	No no no... Vampiric. With invincible NPCs hacking away at them inside the plague area, just like in the beginning of act 3.
yeah I bought it.. too	..oh yeah, of course I bought the Master's Collection.
There's also a bus from the metro to Stamp (Student union).	Just to add more details, it's the 104 bus
1845 NEVER FORGET	This chain of comments appears in every offensive thread post. I like it.
For example: a young [Demi Moore](http://photos1.blogger.com/blogger/1617/742/1600/demi%20bush.jpg) newlinechar  newlinechar NSFW(boob and bush...lots and lots of bush) 	Knew what picture it was. Still clicked it. I hate myself. 
You 18 yet?	Come on, Kobe. 
The people demand a more democratic method of determining the title of 'Head Brony'. Divine Right is an outdated, abusive method, no matter WHAT Celestia says.	My grade has some 25 students. Five of us are Bronies and I am the most fanatic/forward about it. I mentioned it to them and none of them objected to me passing it down. This title of 'Head Brony' solely applies to the domain of my high school.
I can see the president: newlinechar  newlinechar 'YO CHINA DAWWWGZ U SAID *enter totally false and random statement from long long ago* WTF MANG, WERE IS?' newlinechar  newlinechar Three days later, everyone does from a nuclear war :)	 newlinechar yes, yes we does.
Why did Helen Keller's dog run away? You'd probably run away too if your name was 'HNDNDHSJKKGGGL'	What was Helen Kellers favorite color? newlinechar [Corduroy](/spoiler)
You're a female that wants to go into engineering?  newlinechar  newlinechar Just keep working hard and being brilliant. Your college years are going to be filled with classes upon classes of men who value brains &amp; you quite possibly being the only female around.	As a college dude in an engineering school filled with too many men, I can confirm this. I value brains very much, as do many of my friends. newlinechar  newlinechar In this case, it really is *just* high school. Stick it out, you'll be just fine.
As well as live-action The Tick and Archer's Rip Riley. newlinechar  newlinechar Patrick Warburton is a badass (despite being involved in some shitty movies here and there).	Joe from Family Guy
Mmh, sorry, I don't use the standalone app, just the Google search on browsers (Safari/Opera/iSwifter).	Thanks, guys...it's so weird.  If I access Google via Safari, I get clicking,. but not with their Google app, and I can't find anything using Google about the problem.   newlinechar  newlinechar Anyway, thanks!
This was Taiwan. If my experience in California taught me anything about Taiwanese people, it's that 75% of them are mechanical engineers and the other 25% are chemists.	And 0.00001% are Frank Yang... thank god.
&gt; I have sex quite often newlinechar  newlinechar Those are some amazing credentials.	Now tagged as 'has sex quite often'
Can a mod make this happen?	Make what happen?
i hate people	Interesting how much upvotes this is getting. newlinechar  newlinechar I also have this obstacle, especially in this geographical area. First they bullied me, and then they ignored me.
Son*	Correct, and this joke was painful to look at.
Key Largo, Montego	Baby why don't we go
I'd be so pissed if they return the money and still get charged...I mean who doesn't like money...I dunno	*Dax Sheppard Voice* 'I like money...'
The hypotension one is interesting. As someone starting paramedic school in August, it's always interesting to see changes occurring. I know that there is an increasing push to prioritize rapid transport over aggressive volume resuscitation.	I'm interested in long term outcomes from that, it's going to be interesting. newlinechar  newlinechar Another thing I'm hearing a little bit of chatter about that's *very* interesting is the use of hypertonic saline for trauma.  Think that one over.
Parker has a nice looking long handle unisex razor. http://www.westcoastshaving.com/Parker-29L-Unisex-Butterfly-Double-Edge-Razor_p_1249.html newlinechar 	wow that looks almost identical to Lady Gillette.
217lbs of muscle, steel and sex appeal	He's got the largest arms, the greatest charm and does the most harm.
in the wet, there's more grip OFF the racing line. the line has rubber on it - making it slippery - it's just the shortest - thus fastest path, but offline you can still keep up and even overtake when it's wet.	Doesn't make it any less amazing.
'The Commander of the Firearms and Organised Crime Squad, Ken Finch, says there is no evidence the registry has been compromised.' newlinechar  newlinechar I smell a RAT	Yeah I call bullshit on that too - I can understand someone hearing about one of the owners through a gun club but the likelihood of all the people having a common link OTHER than the gun registry is pretty fucking slim.
Holy fuck, dude. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Sorry guys but I'm going to bed. I'll be able to answer the rest of those same questions tomorrow!	I thought it was great, OP did ask for the most offensive joke, in my opinion, that guy won. Don't get why he deleted it, unless he actually is a pedo.
I would love to be able to surf on my pet raccoon	It's exhilarating. 
An open source freak who uses Windows?	:)   Never thought of it that way. I also use the machine as a freelance graphic designer, and until they release Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign and AfterEffects (the industry standards I'm expected to use in the business) for Ubuntu, it's the only solution I can find.
You can use this http://mygalaxies.co.uk/ to write with real galaxies.	http://mygalaxies.s3.amazonaws.com/hb2u9x_big.png
I also plan on designing multiple alternate costumes for the other characters of the show (like Batman Abed, Goth Britta, etc.). Leave me some suggestions, and I'll try my best to design it.	What are you using to make these characters?
I wouldn't know. I'm just citing rule 225 of the internet. 'The Simpsons already did it. South Park already did it better. NO EXCEPTIONS'	Fine... you... you win... newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar ...*for now*....
Man parents like that don't want their kid to ever get a corporate job.	Unless he's a black guy who knows how to wear the hell out of a suit.
[100 Billion Dollars] (http://i.imgur.com/gexMw.jpg)	damn, came here to do that. 
Yeah, verbing weirds language.	Calvin approves of this post.
We have the same initials...	Let's make out.
[*ya we shud orgnis wekly /r/Braveryjerk muvie tim*](/bigs)[*i sugest we wtch dis movie:http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0082933/*](/lmar)	[*k*](/bigs) [*pls lk t mh wrld gerfi post*](/spoderman)
Wertch mer swerrmmm!!	They terk er jerbs!!!!!!
My only regret is that I have boneitis	DON'T YOU WORRY ABOUT BLANK. LET ME WORRY ABOUT BLANK!
There's a good slate article that explains just why pickpockets are so rare these days. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.slate.com/articles/arts/culturebox/2011/02/the_lost_art_of_pickpocketing.html newlinechar  newlinechar Here ya go. Kind of sad, really.	Kind of sad? Fuck them. 
He was just waiting for the DJ to drop the bass	Doesn't anyone ever get sick of these crappie puns?
x X R3P34L3R X x - MLG PRO 1v18 W1lDY KUSH 420 kony 2012	xXx i G3T D4T KU$H FOHTWNTY i xXx
SO IT WAS YOU!? YOU HIT THE CAR!!1!	yes, and I would have gotten away with it too, if it... you know what... fuck this.
Probably because Alan Moore is a once-a-generation talent, and Dave Gibbons isn't. I mean, I like Dave Gibbons' work, but it was clearly Moore's work that drove the success of Watchmen.	I respectfully disagree that Moore is once-in-a-generation. A great writer, to be certain, but he's not a god. Same goes for Frank Miller. I think they both started believing their own press, and went a bit batshit insane.
Madden. 	Has exactly the same complaints fired at it, and is mostly played by casuals and diehards.  What's your point?
How is he going to walk up those stairs with skates on?	He's Nicklas fuckin' Lidstrom...he'll make it.
.png works too :)	Actually, .jpg, .png, and even .gif works too! :D (even if it's not a gif)
Same difference. 	Put all the power users in a box. newlinechar  newlinechar Are they the same person, or are they not, or both. newlinechar  newlinechar Schrodinger's mod.
I used to think I'd do anything for the chance to travel into space, but... so much mayonnaise...	Seven month-old mayonnaise. 
It comes with the collector's edition.	I really regret not getting the Collector's Edition. This is probably the only series that could make me care about that kind of thing. 
How dare you enjoy something other people don't like. People like you are the reason facebook still exists and Ron Paul isn't president.	Why does reddit like Ron Paul? I somewhat agree with his opinions, but on the other hand is a christian fundamentalist, believing that church and state should be one.
If he had consoles before, he likely already has a 1080p screen.	pc gaming on tv's makes baby jesus cry.
Bath salts are not just stimulants. 	Please explain. 
Wow! I tell you, those casting people, they really got it right!	Apparently it was just some random guy and they left it in there. 
As a Dunmer, I find the term 'dark elf' offensive.	Shut your dirty drow mouth! Filthy elvan scum... Breathing our air. Bedding our women. Skyrim is for the Nords!
Read the FAQ or do a search, no one wants to answer this question for the 10,000th time (at least I don't)	Many apologies, new to this particular sub and didn't think that this sort of question would be in there. Thanks for the heads up.
omg, redditors love jorah?  figures newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I am in love with Brieane of Tarth!  &lt;3 &lt;3	[You've got competition.](http://i.imgur.com/XzkqG.jpg) [Spoilers!]
I don't think that was the point...	Read his comment history.
This is literally too much irony for an irony computing computer to handle.	[I think it'd be ironic if everyone were made of iron.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=yWTmslC_q9Y#t=113s)
I've only recently gotten on Ebay (it's been about a year), but yes I've run into some...interest folks... newlinechar  newlinechar Thankfully I haven't had anything too serious, my main problems is with PayPal because they keep limiting my account, those fucks!	Yeah, PayPal is also a problem.  I hope you have a separate bank account linked to it, because PayPal sometimes will have it closed. I know a few people who won't keep more than $1,000-$2,000 in their acct because of the shady PayPal practices. 
You... can switch into the gunner seat? newlinechar  newlinechar How?	Press F2 to switch to gunner's seat and F1 to switch back to pilot/cannoneer extraordinaire's seat.
Well, if the Andromeda Galaxy collides with ours, it should be pretty easy to hop from one galaxy to the next, so I think yes, they will achieve intergalactic travel at that point in time.	I can't wait! It'll be pretty cool!
Rockford gets a mention on Reddit that doesn't pertain to how much of a shithole it is. Nice.	I think it's just naturally implied
Hahaha, I was really confused.	You are both friends now, give him your reddit password. What can go wrong?
Sorry I dont follow I am American. Totino's pizza rolls are also made in ohio. They arent rolled, they are made into a long strand of pizza roll by a series of tubes and cut into individual pieces.	Where's the How It's Made on this?
Not sure which makes me more sad, the fact you care someone put something on Facebook from Reddit, or the fact you're congratulating yourself about it...	There's a difference between posting something from Reddit on facebook and doing so and claiming it as your own. If I'd been in that situation, I would have called him out.
He was on both, I watched a few videos and they said that the combination totally fucked him up in the head (obviously), but he was on both, not just bath salts	This. I wish people would actually read different articles instead of headlines. 
Not sure how speculation=spoilers.	Spoiler alert: I think everyone dies in every movie that hasn't come out yet.
But he is the top player, so isn't he still the boss?	Yes. This always cracks me up when someone teabags me when they finally get me after i've killed them a bunch of times. newlinechar  newlinechar 'Now we're 1 - 5 you must feel proud'
How are the bugs this year? I was up in Leelanau over Memorial Day weekend and they were awful on the beaches.	They're pretty bad on the main land, but it has been cool the past couple of days so not that bad. 
a hit and run is fucked up regardless, but if the driver is present, then trying to flee the scene is just plain stupid 	&gt; but if the driver is present then trying  to flee the scene is just plain stupid. newlinechar  newlinechar You give too much credit to the human race. 
You know...the weird thing is, I've never considered the idea that Einstein got laid. That's really a weird thing to think about. At some point, he had his dick in some chick and had his own kinks and such...Huh. 	Well he did marry, and therefore, fucked his cousin. newlinechar  newlinechar Go figure.
Episode number?	S4E6, ['Waldorf Stories'](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Waldorf_Stories)
Yup! I swear, I even have all of the short hair and everything. I don't feel quite comfortable posting my picture here, however.	I guess I understand. But I was really psyched to see IRL Suki.
I AM NOT OFFENDED!	WINDMILLS DO NOT WORK THAT WAY! GOODNIGHT!
The moral of the story is reCAPTCHA doesn't care about stopping it, just making it more inconvenient and taking advantage of the free labor.	Moral: If you can't beat em' TORTURE EM!
She's slacking.	Only in her vagina.
[Heineken!! Fuck that shit!   PABST BLUE RIBBON!!!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UbxGgCY9PKw)	PBR used to be brewed in the same city as my University, it's still quite popular amongst my friends and I. Can't serve anything but light beer to girls though or else they get all whiny, so Natty it is 
It gets mentioned a few times that unicorns still live on Skagos.	And how many one-horned goats have you heard of? It makes sense that Jon/Ghost wouldn't know it was a unicorn, having never seen one.
Make out like you weren't boyant and that I wasn't paddlin'	you treat me like a river and feel like I'm in rough.....   waters newlinechar 
Luxor, I'll do this as well	Let's cover Vegas with this logo. 
http://i.imgur.com/NPd8n.jpg	http://i.imgur.com/vniOw.jpg
Poe's law has me trapped with my up/down vote.	The username tips it into the sarcasm column.
I'll be right over. Tell the husband to get ready.	No need for lotion then!
['That's one saved fucking Queen!' [NSFW]](http://i.imgur.com/hMWaD.jpg)	I love you
Why are you so hellbent on posting this if you don't care about it?	The subject has been at the top of this subreddit for days now, I wanted to know how others felt.
That episode was called 'Ultraworld' - just finished a watch through of the whole series.	That last episode was *brutal*. newlinechar 
This man is not wrong.	Good choice on the case. I have the H2, and it is really great. It's wisper quiet, and it cools so well. As well, it is a solid case that looks good without looking like a strip club. It's so functional and understated, I love it.
the thing is itll be tough to include a seperate secret shop owner for the dire, since only three shop-related characters were detailed in that comic a while back	I'm sure the Valve writers/artists can't wait to write another comic anyway :D They seem to really enjoy it.
I just felt the anger vein pop up in my head from reading that &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;	...Now I feel stupid reading over it.  I'll just show myself out now. *shamed*
downvoted for german. I failed german :(	That dative case.....
How do I know you and the blue collar comedy tour aren't funny? newlinechar  newlinechar You both used Larry the Cable Guy to tell a joke.	[Heyoooo](http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/kelso-burn.jpg)
It's a 95' Wrangler, besides the paint he put a new transmission in it among other things. Another buddy is doing the work for him so I am sure he is setting him up with a deal. 	Colorado?
http://i.imgur.com/zCIOx.gif	This kid is creepy with his t-rex arms. 
Many apologies, new to this particular sub and didn't think that this sort of question would be in there. Thanks for the heads up.	No worries, I was kinda rude anyways
Same. I practically throw a party.	We're a pretty good state, just not much tourist things or huge news come out of Oregon to make it a constant topic.
Wait...what?	dries faster. Don't want your underwear getting wet.
I have you tagged as blind. I don't think you'll find it..	Ah right.  newlinechar  newlinechar [For the confused.](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/udzzj/blind_man_carried_the_olympic_torch_through_my/c4uldin?context=3)
You..you lucky son of a bitch.	Watching it on TV gave me chills, I can't even imagine what watching it live would've been like.
In Close Quarters, the SPAS 12 will have a USAS on it.	In Soviet Russia, the shootguns have dogtags on them.
&gt; Twenty six year olds newlinechar  newlinechar (Twenty six) (year olds). newlinechar  newlinechar Twenty six one year old children.	*shudder*
WOOOSH! is the sound a joke makes, when you goes over your head.	when it goes over your head. newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY
Let us dance. TOGETHER! (HP reference:)	salsa
Man, I bet you flipped out when you saw that dent.	It'll buff out.
Not necessarily. The ending is open enough that he still might escape. The shocker is just that the creature's intention wasn't to freak him out when he woke up, it was to terrify him all night. 	I wish these had an outcome. I've heard the one with the kid in his room. But this is new. I always wonder what does the kid, and now the farmer, decide to do? Do you plan on writing a follow-up or just let it be open ended?
What does it matter? This is the internet. It's gonna happen.	Exactly. That's why there's down voting. 
Yes, but the reboot took three days and Tech Support from God.	'Did you unplug it and plug it back in? The power switch is on right? *Shit*.'
What he said.	Seconded.
&gt; That guy's performance is going to be judged by profit and not by player satisfaction. newlinechar  newlinechar You're horribly right about this.  Success is measured by profits, not by customer satisfaction. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: One fully satisfied customer disagrees.	It's a little hard to ignore huge amounts of negative press.
Exactly. A lot of the comparisons being drawn kind of forget that Neo has already accomplished some pretty crazy stuff.	Pretty sure Jesus rose from the dead amongst other crazy shenanigans would be the reply.
I know, it's absurd.  Imagine how much better pong would have been if you had to login to play it. newlinechar 	Pongline?
So cute! She really was a cute piggy. That little mouth in the first picture is so cute! Did she pass away? I'm sorry if she did. :( newlinechar  newlinechar Did she have an eye condition? I've seen something like that before but I never knew what caused it.	Yeah, she passed away almost three years ago. I still think about her all the time. She was the sweetest. :)  newlinechar  newlinechar I believe the eye thing is called pea eye, and it's pretty harmless. Never seemed to bother her. 
Big deal.  Davos can just throw a net over them at sea and drown the dragons before they even reach Westeros.  Greyjoys would approve.	Those dragons came from petrified eggs.  What is dead may never die. 
Muzzle loaded a rifled cannon must have been a huge bitch.	I was thinking the same, but I remember my Marine artilleryman dad saying something about a copper ring that would expand from the pressure of the charge and engage the grooves.  He was probably talking about a more modern artillery piece, though. 
Well, she got *a* mushroom...	with white sauce on the side
'for the money' newlinechar of course.  I am thinking about getting it if mine get's stolen.  This is my ride right now...http://www.cannondale.com/2012-quick-4-21002	[Oh, I LIKE THAT.](http://clutch.mtv.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/workaholics_blake_r3.jpeg)
I think I might have her set somewhere.	You should share.
Just a theory but maybe the Volkihar just morph into cyrodilic vampires so that they can blend with society	That's what I'm implying. If their original form was this bat-like 'abomination' and over time they came to look more like man and mer, then the lore would be more solid. 
I take it you didn't sympathize with Napoleon much. Fair enough I guess. But he *wasn't* the joke. He said some funny things, but he was the protagonist who you were supposed to want to root for.	He was the joke in that, he said things that were 'funny' that everyone quoted. I know he was MEANT to be the protagonist, but because his quotes were blown so far out of proportion, he became the joke. 
This is pretty solid advice man. Thanks I appreciate it	Yezzir.
Sounds like something Greg Bear would write. Does that name ring a bell?	Greg Bear is a badass name for an author.
I was going to do a list of them, but I decided for my sanity not to	Can we just go hate the Yankees together? 
Seeing Nocturnus and Captain of the Watch back in made me smile inside. newlinechar Also, searing spear? Why not just reprint Incinerate? =(	Wolfir Avenger is a relevant threat that regenerates, and they don't like cards that hose regeneration anymore.
Wow. I think this is the first r/wtf post to make my brain smoke a little.	You too? It's like my brain is being tickled, better than spider eggs I guess.
I have never won a race online, everyone will usually use what is called a 'leaderboard car' which is a car that the top people of the leaderboards use to go around the track and never stop using them. So, you might as well save up and buy one. 	This is my biggest frustration with racing online. I love small, underpowered, quirky cars that handle like go karts. Unfortunately, these types of cars are usually easily beaten on all but the tightest of tracks. 
You aren't alone in thinking that it's cool.	Great, there's three of us that think it's cool.
&gt;OP-ness newlinechar  newlinechar Heh, I'm so immature.	[](/ezreal) It's okay. I thought the same thing.
She didn't broke up the band single handedly, but she was without doubt a significant factor in the break up. 	Imagine if the Beatles didn't break up, and started making coked out 70's rock.
Spoilers: Snape dies. So does Dumbledore.	Sonofabitch,you knew I was halfway through pride and prejudice.
The most atrocious action the US has done was what we did to our native population.... we genocided on scale that would have made Adolf jealous.... yet you are rarely taught that in school here	Yeah, that was, notably, kinda sidelined in our history classes. They treat the genocide of the Indians as a footnote. 
There is more than one color of Solo cup, but red is the correct one. 	If we were trying to be sly about a party, we'd get blue or something. Nobody seems to associate other colors with drinking.
We already employ all of the cabinet heads... you wouldn't be hiring anyone else, you would be firing the president. Though if you think the salary of 20 people is a significant expenditure for the federal government you have no concept of just how much money it spends. 	Too many cooks in the kitchen if you ask me.
It was Eli Whitney	i cant think of any other black inventors
From the sidebar of r/mw3: newlinechar &gt;Want to play with others/join a Reddit clan? newlinechar &gt;Visit r/elite newlinechar  newlinechar You can reference this link specifically: newlinechar  newlinechar [Reddit Clan Information: How to Join and Where To Go](http://www.reddit.com/r/elite/comments/swea9/reddit_clan_information_how_to_join_and_where_to/)	Unfortunately I don't have Elite. I've been told not to buy it as it is apparently a huge waste of money. Any truth to this?
Who cares its good trees lol. Thats what i always say. I feel like names are just ways of marketing for your dealer. Although if i had to grow and name a strain of trees it would be called OG Stank Nasty	Indeed it was good trees. But for some reason I like the affiliation of these strands with different high's, so I like to know.
very good point	I dunno, if the point is good enough, she might not be so uncomfortable after all.
It's even worse when that happens for multiple games in a series	Yes I can't imagine what Mavs and Lakers losses felt to you guys
There is nothing OK about this.	You're telling me :/
I like the water effect. How's that done, you pop a couple of water balloons right before taking the shot, or what?	That with a hi speed camera would do the trick, the other way is photo editing
'Barbaric' is more appropriate.  	Really? It's gotta be stuff like this that makes us look bad. 
Yeah. They're probably the number one place to place an ad in LA. I wonder how much Figueroa Hotel makes from all the ads. Probably more than they make from being a hotel. 	&gt;Probably more than they make from being a hotel newlinechar  newlinechar Doubtful.
Wow, cool. I must have a *massive* one - the heaviest I could find was [this](http://www.grainger.com/Grainger/THOMAS-BETTS-Split-Bolt-Connector-3LK70), for $54.40, and it weighs less than one pound.	I have never seen one that big before, we use these type of connectors on our water pump motors where I work. I recognized it instantly, took a few minutes to actually find out what they were called though, lol.
Exactly - kind of funny that this post got down voted already. LMAO. Oh well got to love the lurkers and the haters.	Yeah, I guess it was inevitable, lol. 
THIS THREAD IS NOW ABOUT THAT BOY. newlinechar  newlinechar HE IS HOT.	seconded. 
Oh you mean the one badass thing she does?	The *only* badass thing she does.
[](/biggusta)	[](/megustaperfect 'Step 5: Acceptance')
Let's go for a ride Wailord!	Come on, Groudon!
That's probably sharpie, tattoos are (I think) illegal to give to babies. Either way, that mother looks really proud of her bad parenting.	Unless it's a brown sharpie, it's probably a temporary henna tattoo.
On a related note, are there any people who *actually* worship Cthulu, or is it more of a tongue-in-cheek jab at religion/cultism when people say they worship him, sort of like saying you believe in the Flying Spaghetti Monster?	Yes there are people that actually worship Cthulhu and the various gods of the Mythos Pantheon. http://www.cultofcthulhu.net/. I've been subscribed to their news letter for some time now, and I assure you that they are serious. 
[You've got competition.](http://i.imgur.com/XzkqG.jpg) [Spoilers!]	i dont watch the show, since i dont live in america, but im up to date on the books newlinechar  newlinechar who dis?
I PIG OUT! On pizza. Cause it's delicious. 	 http://i.imgur.com/kXiJw.gif newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT:  newlinechar  newlinechar NSFW
'I am a **Christian** and **wouldn't be lying** or purposely misleading about something' newlinechar  newlinechar BAH HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA!!! newlinechar LMAO!!!	Fuck the downvoters, I thought the same =D newlinechar 
What is it called if its alright if I ask and do you share personal experience or do you conduct studies on other people who may be suffering from PTSD. (not saying that I have it.)	Haven't decided on a title yet. So far its about myself, but i go into detail on how situations change a person in many aspects. I'm trying to keep it in Layman's terms.
I wish	dood.... he iz.
At least you had friends, feels worse man. 	Are you saying you have no friends?
you can't just google it yourself. http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052970204555904577167253671355534.html?mod=rss_Sports	Wow I just took Pats fans word for it that he never fumbled in college either. 
and cawn-bread.	Niggers?
Did you ever plug it in and hide it under someones bed?	Sadly no. The retribution would have been feirce. 
What are we doing with our lives.. newlinechar 	I never expected to do this tonight.
words of the wise my friend.	no! dont trust him!
I listened to it immediately after I got the shirt with this on it. newlinechar  newlinechar A little upsetting. :/	I have seen at least 4 posts with 'what the hell are these.' newlinechar  newlinechar Just want to get the info out there!
'...and you'll be like *FUCK YOU* and kick her in the face with your *ENERGY LEGS!*'	TURBOPUNS
Starchild is a mix of the male and female Shepard voice actors.  Maybe we'll get some new didactic wisdom!	I hope so! More ghost kid!
I do that all the time (iPod touch) and it usaully asks me if I'm sure with a yes/no beside it. 	Yep, definitely fat fingered that in confusion as well. I may need a special dialing wand
Personal inclusion: Stripes.	I have to agree actually. Stripes is Awesome
I think you need to have a degree to be a guidance councillor. 	butitsglee.gif newlinechar  newlinechar i think you need one to have that title but he could be an advisor or something.
Gah, no more memes, I beg of you.	Hey brah, you can't spell skate without ska. newlinechar  newlinechar Fuck.  I'm so sorry.
After 90 years of debt, I wonder what their credit score is...	Maybe they could use freecreditscore or something.
Your smiley face doesn't seem to fit your comment.	It just makes it creepy.
I have my mother's biological mother. I have my mother's step-mother. And my mother's father had a sex change about 6 years back. 	Oh...cool! Upvoted!
You forgot your link. 	lol, whoops
Oh I'm not saying it's an act by any newlinechar means. I just don't like women that can't be confident with themselves. Especially fine women that aren't at least secure in their bodies. 	I like confidence as an attitude and a general trait. But I wouldn't like confidence to become over-confidence or arrogance. A slight touch of doubt is cute I think. newlinechar  newlinechar I definitely agree though that too much insecurity is extremely unsexy. 
She was definitely lesbian. I thought it before she sat down, but looking back I should have known, there were many signs.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Format, grammar.	Oh good! Then it is very good news indeed! :D
Is that the Northern Inuit Sophie adopted?	She adopted the dog that played Lady, and it does look like the [same dog](http://s012.radikal.ru/i320/1104/03/7851e5ca3e2f.jpg) to me. 
Look into MSDN Academic Alliance, if your school offers it. newlinechar  newlinechar You can also get Server 2008R2 through [Dreamspark](https://www.dreamspark.com/), which is just the server variant of Windows 7.	I wouldn't run 2008R2 as a workstation OS....
*Dax Sheppard Voice* 'I like money...'	Cant believe you like money too
I'm interested in long term outcomes from that, it's going to be interesting. newlinechar  newlinechar Another thing I'm hearing a little bit of chatter about that's *very* interesting is the use of hypertonic saline for trauma.  Think that one over.	I would think it over, but I don't know enough about it to. All I know is that normal saline and ringers can be used to increase volume. I also know the basics of tonicity and whatever is covered in A&amp;P 1. newlinechar  newlinechar Care to explain? :-)
lol you're in the 'MOST OFFENSIVE JOKE' thread.  	thanks capt. obvious
Now everything is up in the air.	We're really flying high.
. . . newlinechar  newlinechar I don't like you.	and the truth will set you free  :-) newlinechar  newlinechar So, lets discuss options like establishing colonies in space, or on mars....
Minecraft version?	1.2.5
in my experience after he charges and stuns himself is the only time that he throws the multi chain, so i was able to predict that and act compared to reacting newlinechar  newlinechar However that is just my experience	This is exactly how I managed to beat the Butcher. Every time he finished a charge I paid close attention to his animations so I could dodge the multi-chain with SS. He also follows up the multi-chain with his hook attack so be wary of that.
I was surprised at freshman orientation when the Student Affairs speaker explicitly said, 'only have four drinks in one night', no mention of not drinking 	Four drinks in one night? That's it? I'd just barely be buzzing after that (assuming beer, of course).
Gorgeous. It always blows my mind that buildings as pretty as this are so often left to rot.	Yeah same here.   That building is amazing.  If I ever got rich, I fear I'd blow most of my money on stuff like this.   :D
Ever see the gun sold by a French soldier on Ebay? newlinechar  newlinechar The description says: 'Never fired, dropped once.'	What's the most important tool for French military surveillance? newlinechar  newlinechar Rear-view mirrors.
it looks like you can toggle between first person view and 3rd person, hmmm..., and yeah there was something weird about it, like people being shot at point blank and the annoying commentator, lol 	I think that was a spectator cam, which would be an awesome feature.
Obviously at her vagina. Duh.	Three Cheers for her Vagina! Hip Hip!!
What? His grammar is fucking fine.	Fine grammar hurts his head.
I really like the GURPS version, it's quite straightforward and works really well.  Also it's worth picking up the Far Trader book if you ever see just for general gaming utility.  	As long as you like GURPS first.  I love it, but I know a lot of GMs that would rather eat glass than run a game of it. Same goes for 'Hero'.
That's just dignifying their existence as a part of New England.	Well we can't just cede them to New York.
The Honda guy is probably their friend. Let it be.	That and the CRX was actually a pretty awesome little car.
Its funny. They just released the episode explaining they couldn't. But I agree. Sage naruto vs sage jiraya would be sick	It would be. So question. Since Jiraya could do sage mode(Toad) and so can Kabuto(snake), does that mean that there is someone who can utilize slug sage mode?
Did mom swallow your load to make her more likely to conceive me?	Hahahahaha
I read the title of this post as 'why can't all atheists be like this?' I guess this post could go both ways...	This is what I came here to say. Most of the proselytizing I witness (in real life) is from atheists. 
even though this is downvoted it might actually be true through natural selection	Sexual selection. It's the unfashionable other half of Darwin's theory. newlinechar  newlinechar It's also the better half, as regards humanity. We face a lot more (and more interesting) pressure from ourselves than from 'nature.'
Sooo Japan just realized their (see; all) government lies about everything, all the time? Why are they so late to the party?  newlinechar  newlinechar There is no value to any government in telling the truth to its people, ever, under any circumstance. 	The US is the same though.  In fact, we'd be lucky if an issue like this woke up enough people to be considered 'massive'.  Sheeple.
happy cake day	Thanks! I almost missed it.
I'm intrigued by this move. It really brings me back to the days when Nibali and Kreuziger were both young guys riding for Liquigas.	Except that Kreuziger won't be there when Nibali gets to Astana. The money is on him moving to Quickstep.
Haha I dont know if you're joking about us having a King?	I know our School system is terrible, but we are actually still a constitutional monarchy. Our head of state is the king(currently queen) of England. In practice, our parliament makes essentially all decisions independently, but our constitution makes no mention of a prime minister.
I don't want to believe that this is real outside of the Lion King. 	http://i.imgur.com/JVrZx.png
My DAO-12 seemed effective enough last night :-)	Lost count of how many times you took out my whole squad :(
####ITT RISK:  newlinechar  newlinechar [*Uzbekistan!* **Nuke Per!**](//#ramirez)	^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^THEYWILLBURNINETERNALHELLFIRE newlinechar  newlinechar [*THEY WILL BURN* **IN ETERNAL HELLFIRE**](//#insanitywolf)
Anything sent to the mods stays anonymous.  They're very discrete, and will work with you on proof if you message them.	doing that now
The guy in the video, Pete Eyre, is a former fellow at the Mercatus Center which is funded by the Koch bros. Thanks for the link. 	Sure is. newlinechar  newlinechar I swear to god, 'anarcho'-capitalism is a corporate-funded plot.
I agree with you on that point. It needlessly carries an anti-western bias, make 'western governments' the bad guy while glossing over the real story. And sometimes its not western governments involved in these things.	Thanks. I should probably mention that I'm not being particular because I perceive any anti-western bias. I'm being particular because it isn't accurate, helpful or good history.
Well jesus, Skeph! How can I expect you to be a responsible young man if you can't even hang onto your jimmies? 	I don't know man! I just don't know.
This is correct - Michio Kaku	'Can't argue with an asian.' - Abraham Lincoln
I really don't care if somebody is a hipster. It's just common courtesy to wear swimming trunks in the pool.	its a reference to how they call leonards gang hipsters because they all have artificial hips.
How does this save battery power?  It doesn't turn the wifi off, does it?	No, but it does prevent it from connecting to a ton of wireless access point, and that costs juice.  Active antennas cost a lot of power for some reason. newlinechar  newlinechar Though I'm no expert, I'm just echoing battery saving tips I've heard before.
I feel ya man.  My wife is due in 4 weeks and I'm just trying to get all of the gaming in that I can.	When the missus and the baby are asleep, I feel like I won the lotto. Private game time! I thought I would want more sleep, but an hour of MW3 never felt better. 
I don't understand that website. 	How? It's a person telling stories of their life with alot of hyperbole.
Shoot, do you remember the title? I can search m4c, I would love to read the whole thing.  Every corner of the internet either claims you're a liar, or that we should burn PSA for how horrible they are. 	Thread was deleted as in wiped from existence.
Or a Mega-sore-ass.	NO that's a gay dinosaur.
Interesting. But what would a man want to do with such a book?	Maybe he was looking for the 6th book in the series. I know I'd be willing to risk the black cells to get an early copy.
[*k*](/bigs) [*pls lk t mh wrld gerfi post*](/spoderman)	[*k*](/dartpulto)
DUDE. THAT SONG IS TOO SICK.	That song will obliterate your mind in a midnight car hot box I guarantee it. Sooo amazing cranked up.
[They did](http://www.milb.com/index.jsp?sid=t342)	As long as it isn't Shelbyville. *scoffs*
Doin. It. Wrong.	Wong newlinechar FTFY
Do what I do, help specific people and play Switzerland otherwise. I honestly have trouble understanding why people dislike you. 	Because I cause trouble and play the devil's advocate.  newlinechar  newlinechar Check out /r/srs for the newest reason. 
Surprisingly, no!	Surprisingly, both!
*Ugly* teen ones.  Homely, at best.	I'm down with homely. Make me a veggie and chicken pie. 
If it's getting old, put Ubuntu on that shit!	I've been using OpenSUSE for ~2 years now, hasn't let me down yet.
Bravery level: Ron Paul	Bravery Level: Al Gore. 
Stop giving them places to organize.	so this would also apply to SRD, best of, etc?
pic from the top of the bowl please? 	It's not very clean since I was abusing it all day :) newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/2e7NT.jpg
Yeah, it's too late to give him as a mother's day gift. 	Aw damn, my mom would've loved that..
THE ACROPOLIS IS AWESOME	UNION JACKS IS WHERE ITS AT.  ANYONE THAT TELLS YOU OTHERWISE MASTURBATES WITH A RUBBER GLOVE FULL OF MAYONAISE WHILE WATCHING GOODBURGER
Happy Cake day!	Haha! Thanks! And me without a cat to post for karma. 
Pictures? Please? 	I guess I should say, with short hair.
I bought my three wolf moon shirt there years ago 	I have a wolf shirt for every day of the week, I pull so many husky native american women with them you have no idea. 
Right, so that's the question.  What would you ask the deity to do to prove itself?	I agree with the OP: 'this question is recursive. If there is a creator and he's truly omnipotent -- then he/she/it already knows what would convince me' So if He can't, then He's not God. 
You've never seen a copy pull over several cars at one time?  Doing 85 - 90 on 215 is really pushing it. 	&gt; Doing 85 - 90 on 215 is really pushing it.  newlinechar  newlinechar for real, most people go 65-70
FANTASTIC article. newlinechar  newlinechar 	agreed. this was amazingly thorough. 
Thought you might like this: [The illustrated guide to a Ph.D.](http://matt.might.net/articles/phd-school-in-pictures/)	Thanks! I have been looking for this for a while now.
The state of Minnesota is on its way.  	Minnesota is the Canada of the USA. We love you guys.  newlinechar  newlinechar edit: wait, you're on Canada's side right?
Neil Patrick Harris Jr.	*gay joke involving boobs*
As an Asian that is frequently embarrassed by Asian drivers, I upvoted this.	Surely the yellow robots will find a way to mass produce golf carts cheaply. 
[Pfftch.](http://i3.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/005/165/PFFFFT.png)	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3ek85X2uOE
Wow, wow, gear down big shifter. It's cool. 	first gear... Third gear... Fifth gear! newlinechar  newlinechar REVERSE!
Looks like a Totoro to me.	OMG, it IS!
Just didn't feel like running down to the corner for a Snickers?	It's not fun to cut a snickers with a knife.
Not many other ways to respond to it.  He should just start making up stuff each time.  newlinechar  newlinechar 'hey how'd you manage to get 'reddit-'? newlinechar  newlinechar 'I created a gui interface using visual basic.'	I paid $13,500 for it from a username registration site. 
Yep.	Ewww. How does it feel to now have syphilis? 
Those balls need to be removed. We can let them reproduce.	You mean can't reproduce right? 
It's a Subaru Liberty B4. newlinechar Called 'Subaru Legacy B4 RSK' in Japan. newlinechar They didn't sell them in the states. :)	*Waaaaaaant.*
&gt; Another cheeky edit newlinechar  newlinechar Oi! WE GOT 'ERSELVES AN ABOVE 'N BEYOND IMPOSTER HERE, BOYS. GET HIM!	[Deal with it.](http://i.imgur.com/GiMqW.gif)
The whole thing is a load of crap!	Good thing this post is bullshit.
her reaction was adorable though.	I just wanna hug her and tell her it's okay.
I don't always upvote Calvin &amp; Hobbes comics but when I do, they're the profound ones.	And I don't always upvote comments, but when I do, they're good ones. 
not necessarily, an artist can use the mixtape to record the things he actually wants to. i hate j coles albums because they are really poppy and features a lot of artists that i can't stand, but his mixtapes seem to come from the heart.	That's what I'm saying. He has complete creative control on a mixtape. On an album, not so much.
this is the logic of gambling addicts	ALL ON 25 newlinechar  newlinechar ITS A 50/50 CHANCE
How is a girl with no clothes on suited for work? If your boss walks by and sees a naked lady on your computer; showing anything or not, you are going to get in trouble.	Anyone who thinks this is SFW doesn't work anywhere important.
That is actually one of the predominant theories and is being researched right now.	why would it be? evolution has no foresight.
That's... is that a potato?	[What you think?](http://i.imgur.com/VX81s.png)
I like confidence as an attitude and a general trait. But I wouldn't like confidence to become over-confidence or arrogance. A slight touch of doubt is cute I think. newlinechar  newlinechar I definitely agree though that too much insecurity is extremely unsexy. 	Yeah sounds like we are of a similar philosophy
Hit up a Rogue pub house if you like great local brews. 	Or Lucky Labrador, or the Hop &amp; Vine, or Hopworks, or Deschutes' pub, or...
I didn't even notice that hat. OP kicks ass	It's probably an [Albuquerque Isotopes](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albuquerque_Isotopes) hat, which, yes, is a real baseball team.
GODDAMMIT, YOU GUYS. newlinechar  newlinechar Why didn't anyone tell me there was an r/robertdowneyjr?	Exactly what I was thinking. [Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/robertdowneyjr/) it is by the way. You know. For science. 
 http://i.imgur.com/kXiJw.gif newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT:  newlinechar  newlinechar NSFW	NSFW
The joke belongs in that thread. Here it is spam.	Easily ignorable spam like the fifteen other bots, but I get your point.
This is the best thing I've read all day.	[This is how I see it.](http://imgur.com/liHCj)
Mhmmm.  newlinechar  newlinechar Did you know on low sanity the game randomly throws fake monster at you that chase you, catch you, and then disappear after leaving you a crying, blubbering infant in your chair? newlinechar  newlinechar Food for thought.	[nope](http://static.themetapicture.com/media/funny-gif-man-jump-out-the-window.gif)
And by 'footnote,' do you mean.	How did I miss that?
there's no shame in trying to make money, especially when people are happy to give it to you. plus, this is an awesome idea and innovators should be rewarded. newlinechar  newlinechar that said, any volume discounts? like if someone wants 5, 10, 20 etc?	I'm also interested in hearing what OP has to say about this. No idea how hard it is to make them, but I hope I can get more than one. Make myself feel rich :$
Efukt!	I feel so guilty directing people to that site but it's HILARIOUS.
Because he's getting MORE KARMA than he should!! Don't you get it?!? He's practically STEALING that karma from the person he's commenting on!	No, you fucking moron. The problem with karma whoring isn't that it's 'unfair' or that it's cheating in some game. The problem is that it wastes all our time with contentless bullshit that's posted for points.
Why weren't there black people in the Jetsons? newlinechar  newlinechar They were imagining a perfect future.	Seriously low a lot of futuristic movies are like that.
Been around reddit awhile have you?	[Reddit Enhancement Suite](http://redditenhancementsuite.com) Is a useful and innovative feature to easily switch the topic!
Can someone explain why or *where* people hate on redheads? Before occasionally seeing this stuff about 'gingers' on the internet, I thought red hair was considered exotic and desirable. 	Also, a lot of it springs not only from old witchcraft/demon fears, but also the strong anti-Irish sentiments from back in the day.
&gt; I change my rear tire 4 times a year, back tire 2 times newlinechar  newlinechar How many wheels do you have?	Whoops, sorry, I'm *tired*. I meant I change my rear tire 4 times a year, front tire 2 times a year.
Ewww. How does it feel to now have syphilis? 	I haven't opened it...yet.
Did you read the ama?  He seemed like a raging jackass.  His answers were all 1 or 2 sentences and he made outrageous claims.	Link to AMA?
Yeah that code of conduct is a crazy way to approach QA, especially in an online game.	Exactly. In fact, I don't care what game it is, if you are not playing to try and exploit the game and find bugs, you are not doing your job.
So, when you do a push, do tons of past commits go with the push?	1. Yes, *and that's almost the entire point of version control* newlinechar  newlinechar b) With git (and probably other DVCSs), you can rewrite history to make it as pretty as you want before you push
i gave you an upvote because it's your cake day	Whatttt I didn't even know how do I see when my cake day is?
404 error :( newlinechar  newlinechar edit: oh jesus that's neat	Switched to imgur? newlinechar 
Where?	To http://haskell.org, obviously.
no! dont trust him!	after what has happened im afraid i must.
That smiley face was pretty creepy.	Whatever it was is gone now.
Some Porygon you are...	&gt;fainted newlinechar  newlinechar better?
You pushed the resistance leader into a giant fan...	He was a traitor and a scoundrel. 
&gt;It's Cracked.com, but newlinechar  newlinechar What's wrong with Cracked? They write brilliant social commentary, historical pieces, etc. Just because they make it entertaining does not mean we should give their ideas less weight.	I don't disagree, they publish some good stuff.  newlinechar  newlinechar That article definitely didn't deliver on the promise of the above. 
Pongline?	Just imagine the epic DLC. newlinechar 
bc rush builds dude. bc rushes. ;-)	You misspelled PF rush. 
Thanks roommate, I was waiting for you.lol ^  ^Actual ^roommate newlinechar 	Sooooooo... Right now?
&gt; escape roots newlinechar  newlinechar May be easier to find once you've found the escape trees. newlinechar 	Haaaaa [You should come on over to my place and have fun sometime](/r/guildwars2funny)
I have their DSL its not that bad.	I have their Fios and it rocks hard. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.speedtest.net/result/1983235190.png newlinechar  newlinechar Notice the bottom of the image.  That's my results to London! newlinechar 
What's the best part about stabbing a dead baby 30 times? newlinechar 32 places to put your dick.	How many babies does it take to paint a wall? newlinechar  newlinechar Depends on how hard you throw them. 
There is no U1 at University of Winnipeg.	Well, that takes care of that, then. I remember someone saying I was exempt from SOMEthing, but I don't know what.
No kidding. Oedipus actually *got some*.	But he was a Greek, so he thought sleeping with his wife was kinda repulsive.
Answer: Record inflation. Are the numbers the government puts out for inflation and all numbers correct-- not by a long shot -- especially on inflation.	Fuel and food were dropped from the index in 1980 BTW.
Has Narwhal-Bacon-Retard really become the phrase to describe people who enjoy low effort content?	If it hasn't, it has now. 
Cool, I think that's what I'm looking for. It's late and tomorrow I have a test, so mate tomorrow I'll try to implement that. How did you find that anyway? I looked Color in msdn, but it just appeared as the class with the different color statics. 	http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.drawing.color newlinechar  newlinechar Scroll down to the bottom where it says 'methods'.
Why does reddit like Ron Paul? I somewhat agree with his opinions, but on the other hand is a christian fundamentalist, believing that church and state should be one.	That's not very brave
/r/spacedicks	That didn't take very long at all.
Don't worry, they're probably 16-year-olds themselves. newlinechar  newlinechar I am curious about the board, though. Did you really not once ollie on a curb or something with your trucks?	I really didn't do much the first couple years I started skating. My friends picked it up much quicker then me while I struggled for a long time getting decent air under my ollies and trying to land kickflips...
Just finished listening to it. Super clean. Feeling like this is going to be a big year for DOOM. Only took him like 4 years. I haven't heard new shit since I was a wee freshman. 	When he has a good year we have a good year!
Those last two sentences make me feel much better. Sometimes I feel like a piece of my heart goes along with each of them, but it feels good to hear a different perspective. That maybe instead of dying a little each time, I become a better, stronger, more experienced person.	*hugs*  You're in a tough spot, it sounds like.  This might be a phase, and it might just be how you're comfortable expressing your sexuality.  But either way, you WILL end up with someone who loves you exactly how you are.  You WILL.
Think 8 like ate.	Hey, thanks. You saved me from wasting 10 minutes to figure that out.
It's not counting Canadian audiences which makes it less surprising. Can't believe the Celts/Heat game got better ratings in LA! The officiating in that game was effin horrendous.	Yea the Canadian viewers rating would be the highest, but i love seeing how much of a hockey town buffalo is
Have you ever seen Garfield without Garfield? It's the most depressing thing ever.	Thanks for the [tip](http://garfieldminusgarfield.net/), now the idea of a coen-brothers garfield movie with Bill Murray seem like an even better idea than ever! =)
Just don't watch the episode 'Crossing Over.' Shit's depressing. 	That's actually one of my favorites. It shows Archer in a more human light, while still being hilarious until near the end.
wow he's really hot	Pretty sure most of Stalin's pictures are doctored in some manner, as he was known to have smallpox scars.
[Motorcycle helmets you say?](http://i.imgur.com/t9kA6.jpg)	You have no idea what you're doing to me...
i really hope this isnt serious. in my town its 20 dollars a gram for medical shit, but 50 bucks can get 3 grams. 	I live in PA and it's usually $20 for a gram of good stuff and 50-60 for and eighth.
...Both those comments... newlinechar  newlinechar And they call r/atheism bad?	I just wonder how the OP of the top comment would feel if he/she is raped. Maybe strong enough to have a different view on the matter, but I highly doubt it. 
Which sucks for him cause wasnt he hiding in brazil or something...Its been a while since i have seen that episode...	I think it was somewhere in Australia
Upvotes for Iowa!	go hawks!
You: Poster, I am disappoint. newlinechar Poster: .....	He just stand there, guitar in hand, eternally unmoving and eternally lacking remorse. 
Well, after beating Stannis, Tywin was heard to remark, 'Best army in the kingdom? Suck my dick.'	[Obligatory upvote, ser.](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-8wBiYlmxIAE/T7JHXQobfuI/AAAAAAAABL4/42xcFEcCDhI/s320/game-of-thrones-upvote-reddit.gif)
Wolfir Avenger is a relevant threat that regenerates, and they don't like cards that hose regeneration anymore.	That's why there's no regeneration clause on DoJ right? I want to say that wrath of god was the sweeper pre-DoJ. 
Summer sideshow? Forgive my ignorance from only playing since after the Christmas event, but what is that?	it is exactly like the christmas event, just summer, different zeds, different achievements, and who knows what else they will bring.  i too started playing during the twisted christmas, so this will be new to me too :p
I knew a woman who had an obsessive ice-chewing habit.  A nurse friend suggested she was anemic.  Turns out she was, started taking iron and her obsession disappeared. newlinechar  newlinechar Apparently this is a known thing?	It is known that there is a correlation, but not the source of the correlation. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.anemia.org/patients/feature-articles/content.php?contentid=000472&amp;sectionid=00015
Spoiler alert: I think everyone dies in every movie that hasn't come out yet.	Dammit, I wanted to see that!
I would have guessed it was over grape flavor.	Grape flavor is why I'm fat.
Personally I would love staying at 10. newlinechar  newlinechar Round robin football and double round robin basketball that sets up some really nice return games. newlinechar  newlinechar But I just don't know how viable 10 is moving into the future.	I think the Big 12 is as viable as Texas is committed, no matter how many conference members there are.
Fuck you, I'd buy 5 fire trucks.	No pussy, 5 tanks! America FUCK YEAH!! haha
This subreddit is actually for the TV show, Bones, not the anatomical structure that serves as the basis for our functioning body.  But have an upvote for making me laugh. newlinechar  newlinechar (And if this is a reference to Bones that I just plain don't remember, ignore this.)	Thank you for the tip! I'll totally move it, i had no idea! I saw bones an thought, hey! how specific and awesome! Where should it go, biology?
I'll pass it on! Even if OP doesn't do it, I have a friend that would love to do something like this. Either way, I will get that to you. newlinechar  newlinechar  Unfortunately, that link doesn't work. Do you have another? 	I fear you guys over estimate my powers of drawings. I put a disclaimer though so I can't be held responsible in court.
*shudder*	Too much even for the guy that takes his cock 3 at a time.
I used to be horrible just yesterday, but now I have a front page comic (called, 'A title that doesn't give away the punchline'). My advice is to just keep trying. newlinechar 	Sthanks for the tip.
Israel didn't exist.  Only one time zone for Switzerland and Germany.  But the US has several time zones.  Crap.  When did daylight savings time start?	&gt;When did daylight savings time start? newlinechar  newlinechar In New Zealand.
im a level 41 demon hunter, i feel so squishy any tips on playing her?	Be invisible and kill everything that is on the screen.
Honestly I would prefer some new gadgets rather than guns. BF3 has plenty of guns. Gadgets would be infinitely more interesting than adding in guns just for gun overload. 	Some of the BF2:SF gadgets come to mind...
No matter how poor you are, if you pay .01 for a Humble Indie Bundle, you're a cheapskate.	They obviously expect people to do this and it's part of the calculated risk of such pay what you want offer, but seriously, if you can't find the money to at very least pay 5$ for independant games plus charity, I don't think you really deserve to play them.
That happened in July of 2009, I believe, not 2012.	Yup. Just looked at the article linked above. My bad. 
Did you just make that account to ask me this question? 	Socially awkward penguin up in the thread
I was assuming that you knew. I just said that in case you were genuinely confused.	:P newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks.
Have you tired right-clicking on the desktop and choosing 'exit'?	It worked. Thank you. What is Openbox?
It's called Baveuse (spelling may be incorrect there). I'll give you a link when I get back to my computer. 	[Here's the link](http://www.dafont.com/baveuse.font)
Benches can't type *stupid*!	you dont *know* me
Hmm... not really. You said 'Katara is still with Aang in the Promise p.2.' newlinechar  newlinechar When in fact Aang had 3 kids with Katara. You made it seem like there was hope for this sunken ship.	Oh. I didn't mean to. I meant to say something like 'So just because Mai left Zuko, Zuko can just waltz in there and take the Avatar's forever girl? No sir.' But in a shorter, less snarky-way. 
It's not that the dude likes looking at butts that's slightly WTF, it's the casual binoculars at America's got talent.	They're probably opera glasses, and it may be that he has really bad eyesight to the point that he can't see the stage without that kind of correction. newlinechar  newlinechar Or he just like looking at butts, which is perfectly fine.
With this logic, I'd steal the Nosferatu for this, and stick the Vrykolakas under the Queen of Beasts's auspices. newlinechar  newlinechar Sorry it's taking so long; classes are picking up again.	That... actually might not be a bad idea.
[Upsettingly relevant](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxf1c3fzDOU)	Jar jar is the key to all this
Correct, and this joke was painful to look at.	Maybe his username had something to do with it, I don't know.
Thats another one of my favorites. Glad you told it. Now get out there and offend the shit outta people.	lol you make it sound like offending people is hard.   newlinechar  newlinechar you can say just about anything and offend the shit outta someone.  
Yes.  or even a scorpion tail, and the eye/tail could be brewed into a poison potion.  I like your idea similar to the coal/charcoal thing, that's genius.	That sounds good too! Maybe they could either drop both, or a 50/50 chance between them? =O Or maybe the scorpion tail could be significantly more rare
Except 'this girl' sort of implies that it's some random chick, and not someone you know well (like your Grandma). Just say you were performing oral sex and tasted horse semen.	How about 'my girl'?
Its asus in general. i thought it was their basic boards, but no. My friend had a ROG 1366, and the CPU slot was dead. He exchanged it only to get dead pci slots.  newlinechar  newlinechar Gigabyte worked like a, charm. newlinechar  newlinechar asus, what happened?	Asus is still good. Your friend was just extremely unlucky.
Marriage should not be an institution regulated by the state.	Okay, but would you also be okay with the economic benefits married straight couples currently get being taken away?
It is a lot of fun and, though I've never won, I generally do pretty well. A lot of Redditors would really enjoy it.	I highly recommend it. As a sometimes judge and participant of the event, it's always a blast.
How do you circumcise an Ethopian?  Nail his dick to the ground and throw a slice of bread in front of him.	How do you kill an entire village of Ethiopians? Throw a biscuit over a cliff.
blew my mind	[mine too] (/spoiler)
have you seen a unicorn scrotum?	Yes, I've been to /r/SpaceClop 
Being tolerant of bigotry just encourages bigotry.	No it just encourages more bigotry. Bigotry is caused by intolerance, so fighting bigotry with more bigotry is dumb. We should be encouraging an atmosphere of understanding if any progress is ever to be made. You aren't going to change the mind of a bigot by being bigoted towards them.
You just need to believe in Harvey.  I believe in Harvey Dent.	Can we trust him?
That's great that you're doing that but may I ask what are Layman's terms and who is he?	Layman's Terms is a way of describing something in a more simplistic fashion.  newlinechar 
Greg Bear is a badass name for an author.	Not as awesome as Eric Blair.
All coke in Europe has sugar in it instead of HFCS AFAIK.	I believe it is simply a matter of transportation. America has a lot of corn, so we use HFCS. It makes me sad a little, because the cane sugar is so much better
I guess he can just *smell* our future success. Don't *tread* on him because of his choice in team.	Can he guarantee a playoff appearance? Because that works really well for the Jets.
Your meatball?	[](/pft)
upvote for being awesome and riding a ZR-7S	I second that motion
He only did it once...and said never again!	I'd much rather clean up the lotion I make myself.
Hey you rich asshole, quit trying to brag over the internet. You're not cool with all that space age techno shit.	Whatever, I'm just going to enjoy my new full-color Game Gear system and bask in the knowledge that this will never turn out to be a piece of crap or that the Sonic franchise will never churn out a bad game from here on out.
Some mad child without karma	o.o; Well... I'm not entirely sure I want Karma... 
Try using a main profile pic where you can see your face more clearly. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, a prediction:  everyone that reads your profile will try to see how far back they can bend their thumb.	Did you try?
Hmm. Let's consult the procedure manual. Three dragons, huh? Says here to use Become Ethereal, pop an Invisibility potion, and run like a scared little girl.	yup, sounds like what I did
almost as yummy as mine.	I feel exceedingly normal now...
Right? That's what I was thinking	You've got my vote.
As long as you're catering.	Better be open bar.
Wondering the same thing. Those are some amazing results, especially after crunching theoretical numbers: newlinechar 750*7=5250 cals/wk=1.5lb lost per week. 7 weeks theoretically only generates 10.5lb loss, which you've more than doubled.  newlinechar  newlinechar pretty jealous over here newlinechar 	That's also implies maintaining 100% dedication and no 'cheat' days.  Averaging about 1lb of weight loss every 2 days for almost two months is not common.
So very true. I just got back from a road trip in Europe and the adherence to the 'keep right, pass left' rule makes highway driving so much better. 	Well i meant the training. There, they teach you how to drive a car on public roads. Here, we are taught how to park, and off we go. Of course, there are far fewer accidents on the autobahn than on our speed limited highways, but infrastructure isn't the main problem.
Damn, I was reading it in the voice of Jesse Plemons.	And he is going to be on the 5th season of Breaking Bad!
The real trick is pitching the Seal Clubber to them.	Nah, you just need to pitch the Seal and let them do the clubbing.
I was never in the Marines, or any armed forces for that matter but Ooh fuckin rah. All of the ones I've met were badasses, or quiet badasses. The quiet ones are always the ones you have to look out for (if you're a criminal that is :P)	The inverse is really more true:  it's the loud ones who are full of shit. newlinechar  newlinechar The guy at the bar claiming he's special forces is usually the same guy with a stupid look on his face when you ask him who he deployed with.
http://imgur.com/bW0Tf,zKtim newlinechar  newlinechar Pro stands for professionally newlinechar  newlinechar Pro gamer means you make money playing games newlinechar  newlinechar aka gaming is your profession	Man, I'm glad I'm subbed to /r/diablo instead of this shithole. People downvoting you for explaining what the term 'pro' means. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, people taking athene seriously and getting angry at him... wtf is this? A subreddit for 14 year olds?
Depends.... Is there a whip in the play?	[Don't make me go to the morgue...](http://gifsoup.com/webroot/animatedgifs3/1853578_o.gif)
Can you explain this, I find myself annoyed when a user logged into our TS server needs me to see something on their screen. 	Here's a link that describes the settings. You can set it in the RDP connection settings or with group policy. newlinechar http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/cc771538.aspx newlinechar  newlinechar You right click on the user name in taskman and then click Remote Control. Pretty slick.
It's too bad that some are lost when they're beyond the one below the threshold. 	Or dropped into the 'Continue this thread' abyss, that no one bothers with.
cry :-(	Hey buddy, I respect the media. It was a joke, OK? 
The photo just seems to be sitting there. How do I make it go high speed?	You need to alternate between pressing ctrl-- and ctrl-+ repeatedly, very quickly.
It's brilliant, like competitive currencies, except for people, roads, laws, and so on...	&gt; competitive currencies, except for people, roads, laws, and so on... newlinechar  newlinechar I'd like to see the amount of money raised to create such a system. I've seen the cost per mile of one lane gravel roads on property the landowner already owns. It's not cheap.
Not to worry, my brain's built-in autocorrect fixed it.	I had to go back up and check. I didn't see a typo until this comment.
eh?	Lakitu is the guy from mario kart games who puts you back on course when you crash
I didn't have time to read anything, but my 2 cents is this... John Olerud was one of the last players that was grandfathered in to wear his no flap batting and fielding helmet. 	Actually he wore the flapped batting helmet. At least with Seattle. I think Tim Raines was the last batter I remember wearing the old school helmet.
Wow...	Well to be fair, like any cult it's all about power and I doubt that anyone with a senior position actually believes the crap they peddle. 
Citing your sources? You're not a university student, by any chance?	Nah dude, he's a successful Indian man.
I've seen this gif before. Who is this man?	[Idi Amin: world-class cunt](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Idi_Amin).
this is true. We could buy a town or some sort of homestead or holdfast and make it a bastion for ents across america. People would come from all over to commune with their brethren at this Ent Moot of sorts. 	Hey man, i feel ya. We really need to just have a place to go and meet new ents. im down for being friends. 
The Swain buffs seem huge to though. He was already a great situational pick, and if that Q buff goes through, I feel like he has huge potential to become the new FOTM OP champ	Yeah Swain is receiving some major QoL and ability buffs. But outside of him and Renekton it seems to be nerfs all around. I like to see a balance of nerfs and buffs every patch. Maybe they will be adding more buffs to other champs before next patch.
so...... what is your rating?	A+++++. would rate again.
I came to the comments for answers, but only got jokes. To be fair nobody seems to know the answer, anyway and of course there will be strong reactions.	All I want to know is if they actually pop out their eyes, like, cut them out. I also can't find answers. Humph
she could have given it away to family members so they cant get it back from her	Clearly not that intelligent.
I was in Kindercare(Day care) and I was running on this huge metal play toy and slipped and cracked my head open on grated stairs. And to make matters worse there were NO teachers outside. So I lost a lot of blood. I was 5. newlinechar And thank you :)	Ooh lo siento, it must have been hard growing up, but I don't think there's anything wrong with the way you look.
we meet again mike smith newlinechar 	NEWMAN!
You sir have been paying for one hell of an expensive keg.	Indeed...after 8 people you'd have the keg + gas money well paid for!
Please don't post links to FunnyJunk. It may look fine to you, but everyone else will be directed to the FJ home page instead.	I actually didn't know where it was from. Looked fine to me through RES.
Yeah! Don't live your own life, live the way we want you to! 	You guys sure convinced me! *gobble gobble gobble*
*attention lasers, activate*	*Idiot x7284 targeted, charging lazers*
It's falling, not attacking. 	I think it looks more like it's reaching down through the roof for something.
**Original Submission (100%):** [Not trying to be a fanboy but there are some things...](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/ue9qu) [[D]](http://imgur.com/uwAwg.jpg)  newlinechar  newlinechar **Posted:** 7h before this post by *[Media_Offline](http://www.reddit.com/user/Media_Offline)* (fixed by *[AnonymousHipopotamus](http://www.reddit.com/user/AnonymousHipopotamus)*) newlinechar  newlinechar [This comment generated by an automated bot.](http://www.reddit.com/r/originalfinder/faq) [*Is this match wrong?*](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=original-finder&amp;message=%2A%2AIncorrect+match%3A%2A%2A+http%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Ffunny%2Fcomments%2Fuewqz%0A%0A%2A%2ACorrect+match%3A%2A%2A&amp;subject=Error%3A+uewqz)	yes newlinechar 
&gt; Be happy newlinechar  newlinechar Looks like I've got a lot to work on.	You and I both buddy. 
i dont watch the show, since i dont live in america, but im up to date on the books newlinechar  newlinechar who dis?	Let's just say he's [the Buster Bluth of Westeros](http://www.jimmyco.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/hey-brother.jpg). 
You can rent it for a week for free. 	How
I was at Salt City in Bountiful last Saturday.  In just the hour or so I was sitting there I saw 7 people get pulled over.   This weekend was brutal.	5th South and 4th North are the best places to get a ticket in Bountiful.
Why would he not use this voice in normal conversation?	Exactly, I always found his voice to be entertaining in movies but extremely annoying in interviews.
An emu stole a sandwich out of my hand when i was 4.	HAHA I just laughed really hard at this.
Could be more.	So tell him.  You'll have to get him away from anything electronic in order to have his complete attention.  Go outside.  Go to a movie.  Something involving being away from the house.  Or move on.
I wonder who his Renly is...	Sexy Rexy.
Where do you think practice comes from? Now keep your curtains closed.	I meant that I am not growing. I was asking because someone posed the question to me.
'Heritage' brand. Not sure of its availability, but in Chicagoland, at Jewel/Osco stores (Albertsons?) it's the cheapest shit around. They make rum (yum. rum.), vodka, whiskey, and fuck you I don't know what else. But it's pretty affordable, even for a broke ass boozehound like myself.	Also, your screen name made me lol.
Call me papa!!	OMLET!! PREVAAAAAIL!!!!
:D newlinechar  newlinechar (Just ordered)	THAAAAAAAAAAAAANK YOU!
*Sees post on reddit that chrome crashes on inspect - Goes to website, inspects it* ; half the open tabs crash	*Sees sufficient number of comments confirming that Chrome does in fact crash - Goes to website, inspects it; crashes*
Notificator	This really should be upvoted more.  It directly addresses the OPs complaint.
I think it was to keep the box from touching the pizza, not 100% though.	That is what I was always told.
The unpopular nerdy girls were the only ones that talked to me. Now they're fat and unattractive. &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232; newlinechar 	Its not always the movie ending is it. :(
Because the neckbeards around here never tire of these cockamamie, exaggeratedly detailed sex stories of dubious veracity.	Plus this one has the added bonus of someone 'winning' by not-having-sex. Therefore all the (albeit reluctantly) celibate neckbeards can personally feel part of the party. 
Aha, my bad. I hope you all goes well with your sale though!	It's ok. Made me laugh. :)
Yea I'm pretty sure there is nothing that can't make me actually feel sorry for Theon.	[ADWD](/b 'Remember your name!')
I'm sorry you work at Best Buy. I hated it there.	Thank you. There are so many days I just want to bomb the place.
I love this show.  It's like a mini 'Freakonomics' every week!  More like this and 'How the States got Their Shapes', less Swamp People and Cajun Pawn Stars, please.	Good call on 'Shapes'. Agree wholeheartedly on swamp and any pawn stars junk. 'Henderson!!!' for anyone out there.
I think my favorite thing in the entire game is taking out choppers on Docks with an RPG. 	Having been on both ends of the unguided rocket/helicopter tango, I can safely say there are few things as insulting as getting shot out of the sky by an RPG.
Does it tell you what the enchantment will be before you trade?	Yes. Sorry, I meant to screen cap that but forgot.
Too bad it's a shitty cover. :-/ newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Nothing beats the [original](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5WP2exZurfc).	I know. But it's the thought that counts, right?
I'm always happy to see Canada on reddit	I'm always happy to see Edmonton on reddit
What we do is not LARPing.  Seriously.  Most of the time, we're not even in costume.  We're there to fight, not to role-play.  There's nothing wrong with LARPing, we're just not LARPing.	Be real.
Sorry. The Nope Train to FuckThatville only has only layover in OHHELLNAWville. 	Close enough!
Anyone else find it odd that Amelia Earhart's name is pronounced 'Air Heart'? Like, she loves air? It's just too far fetched for me to believe.	That happens sometimes.  The best example is David Cullen Rockola, who founded the [Rock-ola jukebox company.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rock-Ola) 
Of course, we know how much a King's Will is worth in Westeros..	I believe it's worth quite a bit as long as it's not in the hands of a Lannister 
Marks and Spencer is more for clothing for... older people.  Very, very slim chance of finding anything there.  They do awesome food, though.  I recommend their honey roasted cashews.	Or Percy Pigs. I have recently emigrated to Australia and I've been having fairly disturbing Percy Pig withdrawals. Everyone should try them!  newlinechar 
I did like 10 pots the other just the other night.	Woah man maybe you should go to the emergency room, 10 pots is possibly maybe deadly
You can't just say that, you need to provide a source of reasoning dude. 	Thats what its says on Erowid under MDPV (bath salts) effects. its a stimulant and it can increase sexual stamina and pleasure at high doses you can have hallucinations
I know that feeling...	http://imgur.com/l3hqV
Ah, OK. That sounds nifty. newlinechar 	Although it looks like you get items through just playing too. Maybe items randomly drop at the end of a game, and you're guaranteed one on levelling up?
Where did you find that? I really want a long pipe to smoke from and I haven't seen any at the local headshops :(	Dude me too, I want one like that. newlinechar 
He ordered it froooom here: http://hotstyles.bigcartel.com/ c:	I didn't even hesitate, I just bought it.
So did you get a dustox or a beautifly?	It's now a Dustox.
I always admired how Porto's chairman (cant remember his name now) and Jean Michele Aulas (Lyon's owner) led their clubs, financial geniuses.	Arsene's not too shabby at it either.
She is gorgeous	Yes, yes she is.
I'm new to this. How advantageous is almond flour? Should I be getting some? I'm trying to make an 'oopsie' pizza it's in the oven now. I'd like to examine more options!	It's used in a ton of recipes - you should definitely give it a shot. I just got my first order from Amazon, so I'm anxious to try some of them out.
[OOHHHHHHH!](http://i.imgur.com/lfqcN.gif)	Best novelty account ever. Going to lurk all your comments now.
I don't know dude... There's so many more scooters in China, and so many crappy drivers and congestions...	Yep, the motorcycle/car ratio is much higher than in the States. There are a ton more 'new' drivers in China as wealth rises and traffic laws are not readily enforced. Dashboard cameras have become insanely popular in China and Russia leaving us with some good videos.
Yeah, that's it.  Is it worth anything?	The [spreadsheet](http://tf2spreadsheet.blogspot.com/) says it's worth 1.66. (that's 1 refined and 2 reclaimed)   newlinechar You might be able to even find someone buying for 2 ref. (it's not too unusual)
Dammit, every time I see you comment I get confused.	&gt;Come on!!
Saving the world... using the Ruger 10/22 that your grandpa bought second hand.	they will all be obsolete once we figure out how to get cats to shoot lasers.
Some of this racism ain't very casual. 	The scary thing is it is to them. :o
Lost count of how many times you took out my whole squad :(	A squad wipe is much more fun when they're all in voice comms with you :-) newlinechar  newlinechar You do at least have my dog-tags. Or you would have if the FAMAS monster didn't eat them.
Hey there. I'm the guy that made the little documentary video on Marc. :)	What documentary is this? I'm curious.
Plug it in. Does it work? There's your answer.	I know what you're saying. I just didn't want to damage anything. 
There is nothing funny about old people in love. Not even if they break a hip mid-coitus.	Oh Right I'm so sure you didn't laugh typing THAT
That last picture there... That's the one that makes we wanna suck you off for HOURS 	THIS
:)   Never thought of it that way. I also use the machine as a freelance graphic designer, and until they release Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign and AfterEffects (the industry standards I'm expected to use in the business) for Ubuntu, it's the only solution I can find.	Oh, yeah, that's a conundrum. I assume they don't work well with Wine?
If you stop saying it maybe it will go away faster. I would have at least read it one less time. 	Saying it only gives it more power. Just like Rebecca Black and Justin Bieber.
Him not killing himself would be good enough at this point. 	His suicide note would probably blame the gun.
[I DIDN'T HAVE A CHILDHOOD HOW DO I???](//#kfc2011)	wat
[i feed my chick pizza all the time and she isn't fat](http://i.imgur.com/kZokQ.gif).  (nsfw)	Username is apparently relevant.
Introduction? Check. Thesis? Check. Topic sentences in body? Check. Conclusion? Check. A+	'Their books suck dick' is admittedly a better thesis than those of my last five college papers.
you should see him do coke...	imagine Jackie on bath salts...
I have their Fios and it rocks hard. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.speedtest.net/result/1983235190.png newlinechar  newlinechar Notice the bottom of the image.  That's my results to London! newlinechar 	So jealous of your upload. FiOS isn't available so I have to use TWC Wideband and they're just as expensive but 30d/5u =/
Looks like some straight DANK. I dont know the strain name but id call it Cheese Knees	Is that cos it'll make your knees turn to cheese?
don't use stickers, if it doesn't peel you'll pay for removal and damages :S newlinechar  newlinechar But yeah, We'll have this on our door too. Just reconsider the color scheme though, maybe invert the colors; have white background and black outlined reddit. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Yeah thinking now stickers would be bad. But would be cool to cover Vegas with them. 
*hugs*  You're in a tough spot, it sounds like.  This might be a phase, and it might just be how you're comfortable expressing your sexuality.  But either way, you WILL end up with someone who loves you exactly how you are.  You WILL.	:)
I honestly don't know if my mind would be more focused on the game, the blowjob, or all the possible puns.	ALL OF THE ABOVE.  God I didn't even think about the puns.  Both my partner and the man of the couple we're friends with make some of the most painful puns ever.
Knowing hydro, they probably are pulling retroactive billing out of their ass. 	It kinda feels that way yeah. 
Thank you. And yes genitals away from the gun plz	I wanted to kiss it you pervert. What the hell is wrong with you?
It *is* me!	My girlfriend is suspiciously out of the house right now. I'm kind of worried.
Sweet. We should create an r/MakeupBenders	I would join that subreddit so hard that the sound of my click would be heard from Pluto.
FTR, Kingsguard is white. Jaime's 'Lannister' armor is the gold set.   newlinechar That being said, I like the Kingsguard armor, but it feel it could do with being a bit more white. It's not quite...bright enough, I feel.	maybe that is what I was thinking; I guess I'm the opposite and like the more toned down steel mixed with enamel look
buy the ones from the dollar store. they're just as effective. 	Just learned this in medical school haha.
I commend thee, and I charge thee with the following: Continue learning, continue to grow thine intellect, sharpen thy wit, and expand thy sense of the ironic, as these will serve thee well throughout the rest of thine days.	verily.
Both of us or just her?	Everyone and any pets in the house.
Up above, dude said he got it for $60.	Why is the box enormous? 
Sad or funny?	Both.
I'll bet they do.  But do they like reading about it.  Or do women want to read about a thick-sticked stud with a talent for satisfying carnal cravings?	Is that one of the six? Thick-sticked?
It's cool. newlinechar  newlinechar I am a common switch in against Tbolt :)	And I have HP Grass
I...I can't wiggle my finger like that.	it's not easy
No, I looked up his bike and posted the specific ones he needs, if you post a picture of your disk brake mounts, then I can tell you what you need.	[Front](http://imgur.com/JkpyD) and [Rear](http://imgur.com/mq6YG). Do you think it would be worth it to upgrade to 203mm rotors? I'm not sure I want to spend the money. Thanks for the help.
Become a software developer. 	to be fair, this method has worked for friends of mine with bachelors degrees in: poly sci, physics, business, electrical engineering, math, and economics. 
The mods are corrupt. Not all of them but a good amount.	Speaking of corrupt mods... I present to you: newlinechar  newlinechar [The Tale of Laurelai/Raziel](http://www.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/qgahn/recap_the_tale_of_laurelairaziel/)
[NSFW](http://imgur.com/Rusaf)	At first I thought this was a pic of me selling hot dogs at the little league field but luckily it isn't. 
On Christmas eve? With Santa in sight? I doooon't knoooow! newlinechar Btw you must be Canadian. You didn't say ice hockey.	CAR!
UNION JACKS IS WHERE ITS AT.  ANYONE THAT TELLS YOU OTHERWISE MASTURBATES WITH A RUBBER GLOVE FULL OF MAYONAISE WHILE WATCHING GOODBURGER	I WILL HAVE TO GO THERE NEXT TIME I'M IN PORTLAND. THANKS FOR THE ADVICE!
I don't know how to feel about you, sir...	Feel free to post feelings to both /r/GodOfAtheismSucks and /r/GodOfAtheismIsAwesome
Yes, quite.	Indeed.
I swear, Blue is the nicest guy on /r/halo. You're my boy, Blue!....*you're my boy*	:3
Oh wow, I very much remember you. I walked right passed you at the end.  I was the brunette in the black dress with the zebra purse. 	AH!  I do recall you.  This is weird.  It did cross my mind at one point wondering if there were any r/Boise'rs out there.  They were standing right next to me the whole time!
Can we get an expert to verify this, please?	I am a climate and water expert and I confirm this data to be correct.
So this is what you meant to post.	yup. oops.
sure it is.  20 mph can fuck you up too	(For us English aristocrats, I leave you this 20 mph -&gt; 53760.0 Furlongs/Fortnight) - Pip pip cheerio chaps!
Cow pasture? 	Actually that's my neighbours strawberry field (at least last year it was). Also no.  newlinechar Sunrise.
Quiet, peasant! **Our time has come!**	**Pheasants, Attack!!** 
slavery.pdf	lynching.exe
Wait, what. Isn't NonSequiturEdit's commentt another line from Liam Neeson's improv pitch in Life's Too Short?	Nar, he edited his original comment.
i'm no expert but i think this might be shopped	im no amatuer but i think this might be real
Honestly, who the fuck are you?	what did he say?!
For what it's worth I've been playing a barbarian and keep thinking that barbs are the weakest class. I think it's just classic 'grass is greener on the other side'. I think you can't really make this call until you've got a level 60 barbarian as well.	I do. I suppose I should have mentioned that. My barb just seems a lot stronger than my monk but I feel a lot of loyalty to the monk class.
Can't tell if Psych or Phoenix Wright.	Not psych...it was him! He did it!
How pronounce.	'back-pfife-ehn-geh-zisht'
Well to be fair, like any cult it's all about power and I doubt that anyone with a senior position actually believes the crap they peddle. 	*Just like the Scientologists!*
Hopefully you can help the community. If it gets big, it's a big responsibility to you. ReaverXai on /r/DotA2 is a great example of a guy dedicated enough to maintain the community. I'm sure you could do better ;) newlinechar  newlinechar Good luck on your future endeavour	Thanks! /tf2trade has been a lot of work, but I love that community, and I'm sure I will love developing /dota2trade!
iCamera?	Up voted  all your comments because,  well,  'Murica! 
haha classic. stanello's. holy shit, that is a good one. 	I had the worst lasagna of my life at stanellos. 
**Thank you for that *wonderful* image!**	My bad. He actually landed on a four story building. what I said still applies.
For something that is marketed as a smart phone for humans, why did they choose a family of robots?	&gt;     I WANT TO TAKE A PICTURE newlinechar     SAY CHEESE newlinechar  newlinechar I could hear their gears and servos grind into the shape of grins.
the prone grass trail is a huge deal. I didn't know that but have noticed before flattened grass. Any idea how long the grass stays flat?	Not certain, I'll try to pay attention to it sometime.
Any context for this? What set him off	http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/illinois-lawmakers-outburst-creating-online-stir-16469599
I remember it being heralded as a major new feature of D2. Oh the simpler times :).	Hold down the button for continual attacks? GG blizz, game is for the casual now. Making it super easy.
Yeah but some gamers (Like RTS players I know) play on a very low DPI, so need a lot of space to move the mouse.	I love finding random friends in threads like this. &gt;_&gt;
To be fair, it's fucking Ronaldinho. One of the best players in the world a few years back.	'few years back'  newlinechar  newlinechar He dosnt have that performance to back him up anymore though. He is like the liverpool of players, great legacy, but now days he does not live up to it. 
Yeah, I agree with you here. I think this is really a case of Karmanaut's likes and dislikes weighing in on his banning. He has a history of being a less than stellar and unpopular mod. Is there a way to oust him?	It's always a case of his likes and dislikes.
I need to get my top men to look into this. 	Saved me mass embarrassment many times.
To be fair they do something to that for the throwback. I can't figure out what it is, but it's not real sugar. Try some Mexican bottled Coke, shit is yummy.	Mexican bottled Coke tastes so much better than the coke hre made with HFCS.. it's crisper, brighter, and doesn't feel weighted down.  Though if I really want a soda, I'll go for DRY. 
Whoa whoa, im not trying to prove you wrong.  I honestly didnt know.	Don't worry he's just born naturally a prick.
He was born to be a xylophonist.	I think my X-ray joke may have whooshed a bit. 
trust me thyre the reason why im broke haha newlinechar edit: not saying they overpriced im just bad with money	Be careful if you're competitive. Racing will break the bank
That's the joke. But it is funny since Duncan runs around like a 50 year old on the court. So much so that the mistake was made that they confused him with David Robinson.	It wasn't Robinson either - He had to serve two years in the Navy between the '87 draft and the beginning of the '89-'90 season. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Typo Edited.
Please explain. 	http://www.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/ueqbn/bath_salt_lsd/c4uttt5 newlinechar  newlinechar Nearly all just happen to be stims. 
Cluck.	Baaa
Estate tax is retarded anyways, they already paid taxes on that money once. No need to tax it again when they pass it on to their kids.	This is absolutely true.  You shouldn't have to pay extra to pass something down to your children when you already paid it once over.  
I know for a fact they sell that as a shirt on NBC.com and I think as a poster too	[Dang you're right](http://www.nbcuniversalstore.com/community-troy-and-abed-poster/detail.php?p=372820&amp;v=nbc_community) thanks for the heads up!
See I wouldnt remember to. Either I would run out of ammo or die. No time to pull out the EOD. Thats an odd glitch. 	I've never used it since when I get scared like that I don't think very clearly and may as well slam my face into the keyboard...
As far as The Lightning Thief series goes, you might like The Pendragon Adventure books by D.J. MacHale. A slightly different vibe, but the same elements of action and adventure are there.  newlinechar  newlinechar Which Steinbeck novels did you like?	The Grapes of Wrath and Of mice and men (ending was great). I'll look into the Pendragon Adventure books but i'm looking for something like that gives a moral lesson and has complexity too it but still enjoyable. Something powerful.
Urban legend of the Corps newlinechar  newlinechar But I have seen guys go through this during and after deployments, That's why I stayed single the whole damn time.	Yeah, that's why.
Doesn't actually work the other way around for gold farmers? Item botting floods the economy with items causing prices for the items to drop, while gold botting floods the economy with gold meaning prices for items rise and the gold you earn becomes less valuable.	Yeah, I'm not quite sure what I was thinking when I wrote that and I've deleted it.
Nope, did anyone lose a welcome? This guy found one. 	You.  I like you. 
Oldboy is one of my all time favorite movies. Part of a trilogy, but the other two installments are meh (IMHO).  newlinechar  newlinechar The Man From Nowhere is really good. I have a thing for Korean crime thrillers. 	do you know any other korean thrillers? I've seen, Old Boy, The man from nowhere, Ip man 1 and 2, any other suggestions? I love them.!
Sadly My board is my girl:D ha so I do spoil her quite well.......... newlinechar Edit:that shit was creepy I took it out hahah:D	I guess that means you're always on top
Same with hundreds of villagers shutting/opening doors at the same time	I've destroyed entire villages because of their indecisiveness about being inside or out.
Using alien blue..... Tried pressing OK. Facepalm...	I feel your pain bro
No, didn't mean to upset anyone.  I actually laughed when I first read those lines in the article, it was funny way they were so blunt with the wording.  I'm all for catching fish.	Ohhh okay, I totally took it in the worst way possible. I'm going to blame my being tired and cranky and all-too willing to dispense the butt-hurt.
Absolutely. After I kill someone, I run the opposite direction I intend to go for  about 5 seconds, then do a u turn.	Keep in mind the kill-cam doesn't kick in right away. newlinechar  newlinechar You should keep going where you want for 5 seconds or so and then bluff.
This is terrible advice. 	not if he wants to go all scorched earth, then this is the best advice! It all depends on what he wants to achieve.
Can someone help me I don't get it :(	It's probably a reference to hyperdictatorial regimes like North Korea that make wild and boastful claims about their leaders.
The [spreadsheet](http://tf2spreadsheet.blogspot.com/) says it's worth 1.66. (that's 1 refined and 2 reclaimed)   newlinechar You might be able to even find someone buying for 2 ref. (it's not too unusual)	If I'm not mistaken, that is not very cheap, not very expensive, right?
That's awesome! Detailed instructions? Please?	I'm seconding this. It's super cute.
Nope. He's [this guy](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=FavUpD_IjVY#t=9s).	And more importantly [this guy.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jX3iLfcMDCw&amp;list=UU9Ntx-EF3LzKY1nQ5rTUP2g&amp;index=4&amp;feature=plcp)
'Oh I know what the ladies like' comes to mind right now lmfao	*loads turret*
I felt the last string of words was redundant: newlinechar  newlinechar In his room a great amount of **pornography** was found, including photographs and videos of **nude women** that were saved on his PC. newlinechar  newlinechar 	who knows, he could have been gay, or checking out some fine fine Muslim porn
Easily ignorable spam like the fifteen other bots, but I get your point.	&gt; Easily ignorable spam like the fifteen other bots, but I get your point. newlinechar  newlinechar Each, individually, can be easily ignored. No one drop of rain thinks it caused the flood. Blah blah blah. Cancer. &amp;c.
Looks good. Although I would would wait a bit and go with an Ivy Bridge Mobo and CPU since your going to wait a month. They should be in most retail stores by then, and would be a serious upgrade to what Sandy supports.	I've heard about this Ivy Bridge, but what really is it?
What are you using to make these characters?	I got the original Jeff sprite sheet from Derferman's page for the game here: https://github.com/kyleconroy/hawkthorne-journey/blob/master/src/images/jeff.png newlinechar Then I simply edited the colors and added a few things using the 1px square pencil tool in Photoshop CS5.
Whats this film?	Brittish TV show called Extras
why haven't you made him???? I am disappoint.	Sorry, the thought has never crossed my mind...
'The.' John Lennon	Lennon never said that!
Your lack of letter format has already ruined this novelty account. newlinechar  newlinechar Delete and start over. newlinechar  newlinechar Your corrupted ruler, newlinechar  newlinechar Princess Molestia	Already, I fixed  it, it took me a bit longer than I want to admit to find out how to separate the emoticons.
Yes, I've been to /r/SpaceClop 	ass have i.
epic fail	ORLY?
I used to do this too as a young child. Hell I thought that's what they were for...	What *are* they supposed to be used for anyways?
Meh, chubbies have no cardiovascular endurance, and it shows in all their endeavors. 	You've never seen vintage Dusty Rhodes, good sir. Fatties can have awesome cardio. newlinechar 
Did that go the way you thought it would?	I kinda feel bad for him.
Well technically they can't give consent.	So technically, they can ONLY be raped.
**NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO ** newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Upvote.	This was exactly my reaction. I need some mouthwash.
debatable.  white rice is basically pure starch, so as long as you are active, it's *okay* on the paleo diet.  Brown rice, on the other hand, contains many anti nutrients like phytic acid, and should be avoided.	Also, brown rice sushi?  Wat
I posted a link to the article in /r/zombies	[Here's the article.](http://www.southcoasttoday.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=%2F20120530%2FNEWS%2F120539998%2F-1%2FNEWSMAP)
twice a minute newlinechar  newlinechar what do i win?	Lots of porn
what does the extra A stand for? always wondered	almost
A foot rub would be nice!	Indeed it would.  Would love to feel your soft feet as I gave you a long sensual massage :)  Damn they are so sexy hun!  :D
Look at the car and the ground. It was clearly raining. Also, I live in Chicago, and it rained all day today.	I live in Southern Illinois and it has been pouring all day here as well
a gif says a million words	Only if said gif is 1000 frames long.
Shit I called them and they said they couldn't do anything, although I should mention that kitten = 5 months or so, no momma involved.	Yeah we just got turned away by them.  So now mom and the kittens are in a cage together for the night. 
Trapped_In_Reddit is all up in this shit, too. This thread needs to be burned down. 	non of these jokes are new funny or good, but all these yokels are acting like this is the best thing on the internet 
My new saying whenever I leave a room. newlinechar  newlinechar Gotta go take a dump, I'm out like a rocket ship. or newlinechar  newlinechar Gotta go take a dump, It's gonna come out like a rocket ship. Yo.	blast off
:(	Does ProbablyHittingOnYou have a new account name?
No, it's like.... you don't GET a mark untill you've completed everything. I failed my social class because I missed the first assignment, and wasn't told about it untill after the final exam. Despite me holding a 90 in that class, I got to repeat it.	that's horrible..a class should provide feedback in a reasonably timely manner, if just to correct things like someone turning in something and it getting lost on the way to the instructors home.
[As a former Illinoisan.](http://i.imgur.com/MUDYX.gif)	I find this to be highly ironic...Ashton Kutcher is Iowan. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dyujnqFuBo newlinechar  newlinechar I'll just leave this here.	good call. i am 100% italian
didn't I say this wasnt mine? Herpaderp. newlinechar 	I just imagined it was an original. MY BAD
The million dollar Atheist.	That's a movie I would like to see. Preferably with explosions. newlinechar  newlinechar I've heard Bruce Willis is an atheist... maybe we could send the script to him?
You're missing out.	Agreed. 
Facepalm on my fault good madam/sir.	Sir, and yes that did have me slightly confused. But it is different to read it than to hear it.
Honestly, if I hadn't noticed 'hey, the guy playing Thor looks an awwwwwful lot like Kirk's dad', I wouldn't have researched it either.  It's a cool coincidence, and the man has some major geek cred now.	True that, however, I think he was picked for Cabin in the Woods only because of his beefyness but he lost a little respect from me from that very movie.
Oh dang, some of those players were terrible... newlinechar  newlinechar [](/llaugh)	'Oh, he's a foot to the right of my crosshairs? Better turn all the way around and try to shoot him.'
Seriously though, I'm beginning to think this kid just doesn't want to go to Disneyland...	Maybe his parents are forcing him to give it away?  newlinechar &gt; WE can't accept a trip to Disney.. newlinechar  newlinechar I dunno man, the kid kinda sounds forced..
Maybe. I've been through a lot as a kid and my way of coping with my abusive dad was sketching or reading sci-fi books, basically just staying inside my head.           newlinechar I don't know how relevant this is though.	I could say the exact same thing. Abusive dad, out of it mom. Read and drew to zone out. Always in my head. (Also *hugs*) 
Yup, i think they also do massage	Happy Ending|No Happy Ending| newlinechar :--:|:--: newlinechar Massage Parlour|Massage Clinic| newlinechar Masseuse |Massage Therapist|
This is really starting to freak me out. I mean what if it is for real? We are not prepared.	I thought i was prepared, but when all this shit started happening, i realized how unfucking prepared i am...
Was it betrayal for England to have Capello or Sven? (not trying to rebut or something, just curious as to whether this is what you mean)	you can say englands best performances  in 30 years were under those 2 coaches. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.englandfootballonline.com/teammgr/MgrChron.html newlinechar  newlinechar they have 2 highest winning ratios since bobby robson in 1982 newlinechar  newlinechar so the foreign coach can improve the team even for england
Wow.  These books sound TERRIBLE.  I think I'm done being curious about them and am ready to move on to other thoughts.  Thank you very much for taking a bullet for me by reading them so I don't have to.	No problem. I rarely recommend someone doesn't read a book - I think reading just about anything is awesome...its at least still reading - but there is really nothing redeeming about them. 
I know parts of Australia are barren but I'd think it is just a tad more hospitable than Mars.	Yeah there is no wild life on mars that will poison you in any number of ways but at least the air in australia is breathable... so long as you don't breath in a fly or something.
This is the same face I make when I fart	[Me](http://www.anchorman-quotes.info/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/Brick-Anchorman.jpg)
Exactly what I was gonna say! This looks exactly like my dog and he's a flatty. http://i.imgur.com/FllL8.jpg newlinechar ^this be he. 	I giggled when I opened yours :3
Although it looks like you get items through just playing too. Maybe items randomly drop at the end of a game, and you're guaranteed one on levelling up?	Yeap. You've a random chance of getting an item (or chest) at the end of a game, and guaranteed an item upon leveling up.
Are there headphones from 20 years ago that you'd still want to have today? A lot of technology simply isn't ever BIFL	[Just one example of many.](http://www.head-fi.org/t/464266/fs-ft-klh-model-80-vintage-studio-monitor-headphones-akg-k160-oem-60-shipped-conus) For audio recording, it's hard to beat a great set of vintage reference monitors/headphones. 
total repost whore. newlinechar  newlinechar this post wasn't even a week old... newlinechar  newlinechar 	Defiantly a repost whore. newlinechar Probably has tons of RTDs, Reposting Transmitted Diseases 
But very often they have grizzly results.	Well this is a kodiak moment!
Because I cause trouble and play the devil's advocate.  newlinechar  newlinechar Check out /r/srs for the newest reason. 	No one takes SRS seriously. They became what they hated and try to be funny and cool.
http://mygalaxies.co.uk/lqv3hd/	They used Norse Piss to cure all kinds of maladies back in the day.
Clearly a couple people think this is a bad idea. But I'm still seeking sound advice 	It is terrible advice. Trading is not investing. You maximize your chance of hitting it rich or striking out completely. That is the nature of gambling and speculation.
Because it would probably look like the third annual Socially Awkward Penguin Festival. I say third annual, because we would already be *really* good at it.	Exactly, what do you do at a Reddit meet up? Stand around talking about subreddits?  newlinechar  newlinechar SAP1: 'Hey so are you subbed to /r/spacedicks?' newlinechar  newlinechar SAP2: 'Nope fuck that shit' newlinechar  newlinechar SAP1: 'Yea fuck that shit...'
But...how would they come around? That's just how the human brain works. The same technique probably worked just as well 1,000 years ago as it will 1,000 years from now.	Proper education? I've got my hopes set too high, don't I? :\
Just to add more details, it's the 104 bus	and it runs about every 10 minutes.
the internet seems to think it's things. I thought it was demons for a while. it definitely sounds like two syllables though...	I bow at the lyrical altar of http://lyricalcollective.wikispaces.com/ newlinechar 
&gt;Probably more than they make from being a hotel newlinechar  newlinechar Doubtful.	Have you seen the hotel? haha.
I got a false positive. It was an older test though and I'd had it sitting in my cupboard for a couple of months. We tested again to be sure and then....dreams crushed. 	: (  newlinechar I'm sorry.  That's so sad 
Thank god for Android allowing flash	xhamster now does html5 on the main site if you surf there from an iPad or iPhone. Happened a few months back.   
Thank you! You have made me feel less alone out there :)	have an upvote lol
Reference to lemonparty.org or something like that.  It has pretty nsfw content and presumably has a dick somewhere in there.  I don't want to scar myself so I've never seen it.	Assumption is spot on... to be brief and blunt, it's a bunch of old dudes getting it on. Lots of old dick.
I totally saw a Black Hitler in my air conditioner repair class. I swear I'm not lying.	What was the buffet like?
with white sauce on the side	http://i.imgur.com/gBhGG.jpg
Swanson should be the republican candidate for 2012.	Most definitely.
Except sci-fi means science-fiction, but it would be science-reality	Sci-Re just doesn't roll off the tongue as well.
She used to be an outdoor cat. But she's 20 now and doesn't go into the neighbourhood anymore. Still, she wants to be outside constantly. This gives her a bit of a feeling that she has some green space. 	She's 20? WOW! She looks so young and plump and healthy! Good job being a cat-parent. :)
Generally speaking, incest is illegal.	Whereas a second cousin is fair game
Holy balls that would be awesome. 	I agree
I can handle a handle with the best of them, but sometimes I need a break.	That's what a box of wine is for. Atleast at my ghetto ass school.
Does any province have GPAs?  That seems like an American thing to me.	My high school used GPAs.
FUCK NO newlinechar  newlinechar FUCK	actually is dolan
The rich guy may be right, he may be wrong.....I don't really care. He's a big ol' obnoxious jerk, and therefore I will never spend one penny on anything he might profit from. Jerk.	We talking about Steve Jobs or Ari Emanuel?
Dont feel *too* sad bro.	feel high instead 
That's interesting, and did you know there's a man in Britain with a memory limited to thirty seconds?	Whoa, that's crazy. Kind of reminds me of that guy in Britain with a thirty second memory!
The pixels... They've been doctored!	/r/KarmaConspiracy 
Honestly, what inspired you to start the whole 'acting out Able's ultra' thing? Did it just happen one night and become a hype-moment thing that you started doing often? 	*Abel
Oh damn, I've just been straight up proposing to girls.	Oh damn, I've just been waiting for girls to straight up propose to me!
Now that you're saying that, I almost want to downvote me... But I was talking about the next piece, so it will stay nice and clean, for a smooth smoke.	Uptokes because you admit your mistake.
How many babies does it take to paint a wall? newlinechar  newlinechar Depends on how hard you throw them. 	What do you get when you cut a baby with a straight razor? newlinechar An erection.
Jesus, this one made me stop and blink for a few seconds	It's the perfect offensive joke. Every few words something new and horrifying comes to light.
Yes, this is a fairly well known area to farm for gold. I wouldn't be surprised if it is nerfed in the near future.	Yeah, it's boring as hell to do, but I can bear breaking urns for 20 minutes to make a little cash now and then.
[It's terrible, but I'm hoping the awesomeness of the concept I have saves it. It'd probably be better if I didn't write when I'm half asleep.](http://www.fanfiction.net/s/7741859/1/War) I'm just skimming through it again, and I already see errors...	I read the first chapter. You just need to smooth it out. Also, asteroid fields are *incredibly* sparse. A merchant ship could easily navigate one without an escort. But that's just the sci-fi nerd in me talking.
&gt; tremendously redundant newlinechar  newlinechar The best kind of redundant. 	Touch.
How generous of you.	I've never heard of the games and probably won't even play them to be honest. I bought them because they were cheap and the dollar goes to charity. Trust me, they haven't lost a sale.
A universal Studios Production. newlinechar  newlinechar Created and developed by ***NAUGHTY DOG*** newlinechar  newlinechar I would recite the entire thing every time I played.	Is there any other way?
In the post he explains that he won the PSU in a Starcraft 2 tournament so he didn't include it in the total cost. 	Derp.
His final gift.	it's almost poetic :')
Thank you. I was somewhat pissed while writing this so I was not sure how this would come off. Feel better now that I got it out.	Thank you for doing so :)
I haven't opened it...yet.	Post I video of the unsealing. Make sure to take a nice big whiff once opened. 
I kill you last.	*Woop woop woop woop woop woop*
Exactly my thoughts. Every scenario people come up with would explain why it's lodged in there.. But I cannot see how it would be facing that way. There's almost no way. 	Caught the left edge of the plate while he was turning left. As he continued it bent the plate around facing outwards. 
Kidnapping Rex Grossman along with his corrupting influence, brb.	He can stay at my house.  ;)
Think that would fall under secondary violations? 	I don't think so, because if it did, OSU would have been found guilty of it and we would've had to endure 2 more weeks of melodrama on Sportscenter (which is a terrible show).
What are these 'vaginas' you speak of?	Right...this is Reddit...
What were they protesting?	Violent cyclists.
He was a traitor and a scoundrel. 	He was trying to stop you from pushing other people into a giant fan...
Wow talk about adding intensity, your comment did! Thanks :)	Ahem... in song por favor.
Thats what its says on Erowid under MDPV (bath salts) effects. its a stimulant and it can increase sexual stamina and pleasure at high doses you can have hallucinations	erowid is good for personal anecdotes but I need hard evidence other than just from other users unless at least 20 say it is what he said. I'm not trying to sound like a dick, just trying to get a better representation. 
Nina Hartley!	Im hoping more people get this, ha. newlinechar 
To be fair they always has some actress on the old ones. The difference? She is there for eye candy and just giggles. Rarely do they give any critique besides 'Oishii'	For the completely uninitiated, oishii means tasty or delicious in Japanese.
I'm sorry, I never saw the other thread(s) that have gone through. 	I know, a lot of people haven't obviously. I'm not complaining; I could just hide the thread and forget about its existence if I wanted to.
It just makes it creepy.	[I'd imagine it went a little like this](http://images.cheezburger.com/completestore/2010/10/19/th_02fb089a-ffbb-4d37-ab51-4d377b10376f.gif)
Do not stare into the neck fat!	it's like a perpetual motion machine.
This is what I came here to say. Most of the proselytizing I witness (in real life) is from atheists. 	Really? How many times have atheists knocked on your door to share the good news about Dawkins and how many times have you been handed literature by atheists about their non-faith in the streets? And what about all those atheists churches out there too, so much proselytizing.
the whole thing seems very mega-man style to me	They all seem to be based off recolored Megaman sprites. 
If only I could put blades in my carry on when flying!	What for, huh? *I'm watching you*.
Did you try?	Yep.  I have no idea how a human can bend it that far back.
If you are not pessimistic, then you are poorly informed. 	Knowledge has made me more optimistic about the future. 
I would point out that whether you contribute to such funds is voluntary as the news release mentions.  You check off on your tax returns if you want to.	Yeah, I always laugh when I see that question on my taxes. And then make a snarky comment about doing that for all programs.
What movie is this?! I must watch it immediately!	It's called The Pick-up artist :)
Are storage owners required to do this? Why can't they just keep everything for themselves?	That's a good question! I've wondered this myself, I'll have to look into the current laws
The dog wants in. 	...ew
I was thinking of trying to force it down with some kale...but thank you good sir for setting me straight. I will now freely pass it by next time I am at the farmer's market that has it stocked.	Certainly.  Miss, not Sir. ;)
Where's the How It's Made on this?	I dont believe there is, I just used to work there. 
So you put a bunch of whey protein, creatine, maltodextrin, and B-Vitamins in your jungle juice? Guess it's not as bad as putting a date rape drug in it...	why would you put date rape drugs in the jungle juice? then everyone at the party would just be laying there for the night.
The Grapes of Wrath and Of mice and men (ending was great). I'll look into the Pendragon Adventure books but i'm looking for something like that gives a moral lesson and has complexity too it but still enjoyable. Something powerful.	Moral lesson, eh? That makes things a bit tricky. Have you ever read any short stories by Flannery O'Connor? newlinechar  newlinechar edit: Alternately, read more Steinbeck. I'm not a fan of *The Red Pony*, but otherwise he's great.
I'm in the same boat, bro.	And my heart goes out to both of you. 
Arya has not personally killed anyone on her prayer list and I think that trend will continue for the entire series. 	I believe she had the killing blow on the Tickler at the Crossroads Inn.
Or Lucky Labrador, or the Hop &amp; Vine, or Hopworks, or Deschutes' pub, or...	You're making me want to drive to Portland, damn it.
This seems an appropriate enough place for some [Hipster Hitler](http://hipsterhitler.com/comics/juice/).	How about [dancing Hitler](http://theuglydance.com/?v=bthgvhqdnu)?
I'm L	[](/ohcrap 'M-Masaka!...')
Doesnt help that you are eleven years older either.	a few months ago i started D2 again, still fun as hell compared to D3. I was mfing hard and enjoying it. I just closed D3 because i'm tired of waiting 30 seconds to respawn only to see the boss pack i took down to 5% health has all regenerated.
Only if said gif is 1000 frames long.	thats what i assumed...
One time, I planned an awesome roadtrip with my best friends.  we were going to go to Disneyland!  Then I realized that my best friends are all girls, and people would have assumed scandalous things. :x	People would immediately assumed you were having an orgy? 
As evidenced by the example solo that was just posted before your comment	Yea that was pretty unimpressive if you ask me. 
I bet you say that to all the girls.	I do
http://www.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/ueqbn/bath_salt_lsd/c4uttt5 newlinechar  newlinechar Nearly all just happen to be stims. 	You linked to your previous comment? that doesn't help me. 
That's not very Christian like of you _	WHALE YA KNAW DEY BEEN HAWRPEN AWN ABOUT EET YEW KEN TAYKE TEH MAYSSAGE AYND JUST TWEEST IT.
Let's make out.	Mom? Dad?
Not really sure how to go about it but I'll see if I can figure it out	Deeply appreciated. x) Basically: if enough people show interest, they will show interest. :)
Ride the Lightning.	Well, fine then.
Ben il l'a fait le 5 avril. newlinechar  newlinechar Je blame Gabriel Bureau-Desjardins pour le fait qu'ils ne comprennent pas l'impact nul sur l'accessibilit. newlinechar  newlinechar Mais je blame le gouvernement pour son incapacit de reculer (entre autre pour la loi 78).	La grve a commenc en fvrier. La dcision de faire la hausse a t prise en 2010 d'aprs Charest, y'attendait quoi avant avril 2012?
It has to be a full moon, color photo.	i did that like 3 times. maybe i had it zoomed in too much or something, i've always been a terrible photographer
At least in those pictures, you look practically identical!	Admittedly, I did try to look for a picture that bore the most similarity.
[Someone made a plush Lyra with a completely innocuous hole in the back.](http://i.imgur.com/YYnQ2.jpg) newlinechar  newlinechar It's perfect for covering your golf drivers, keeping warm beverages heated, or ponified sock 'em boppers. newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/UqM2i.png newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/HeiyU.png newlinechar  newlinechar [](/lyrafun)	[](/ajbaffle)
It's better than bees!	[Definitely!](http://www.lesspopmorefizz.com/img/Bees.gif)
That is unfortunate, my friend. Just cope until you can live on your own, and then you might think about telling them...	I hope all is well. 
And you're still a functioning human? You are braver than me my friend	Am I functioning? Yes. Am I human anymore? No.
If you mean Kane Hodder, please do an AMA.	I do mean that, but I'm not sure there'd be much to ask.
As someone who *really* needs to *start* building a wooden tower that's pretty large and it's due tomorrow, HOW DID I END UP ON REDDIT AND WHY DO I WANT TO PLAY TF2 NOW?	Build a wooden tower of hats!
....I KNOW YOU.  :D	OMG HEY SAM :3
Wa. Wat. newlinechar What. newlinechar What the fuck. newlinechar Whaaaaaat the fuck.  newlinechar  newlinechar I've seen some really bad shit on /r/wtf, but this is by far the worst. 	I must be fucked then, I wasn't too fazed by it. I should be a surgeon or something
The Dominos close to me has two pretty cute delivery girls. I wouldn't commit a gross misdemeanor on the off chance they were interested, but they're cute.	I've literally never seen a pizza delivery girl, but I'm sure they're out there. Pizza delivery person just seems like a male-dominated area of employment.
&gt;Weren't there black people who owned slaves? newlinechar  newlinechar I believe that was just in Africa, and they were the ones who sold the slaves to the white men. newlinechar  newlinechar 	I don't think that's true. I think there were black people who owned slaves in the USA. If they were free, it was legal to do so. 
Yes.	I hate you for beating me to this.
Pretty good, but I think China and the Japans was the best.	Fat was my favorite. With Hungry, Hungry Helen being in close second.
Just curious, how would you jump/land properly?	Feet first, left hand pinching nose closed, right hand across body tucking left elbow to your side.
'We need two big pizzas, man.' 	and some of that....what was it? Used to eat all the time back in day....um....oh right, pussy
It is popular..	I mean to the point where normal people actually wear it.
If you can get a paper airplane to display properties of flight (rather than just gliding) you would win the Nobel prize.	BRB 7 months
Don't worry. He's taking it tomorrow.	Good to hear.  But just saying, it should be different. Don't give him 24 hours to talk to other students and prepare.  Had a fellow classmate do this on a hard-ass test.  Completely fucked up the curve.
Coincidence? I think not! Wake up, Sheeple!	THEY RISE, YOU FOOL. WHY WOULD YOU AWAKEN THE SHEEPLE, YOU HAVE DOOMED US ALL.
This was actually given to my dad as a retirement gift of 26 years dedicated to the army special forces. He passed it down to me not too long ago.	I love hearing stories like this, we are so very lucky that our forefathers afforded us the rights, which your father obviously fought to protect, to hand these firearms down generation after generation.   newlinechar  newlinechar Thank your old man for me.
http://www.reddit.com/r/ShitRedditSays/comments/uecxr/girl_posts_a_photo_from_her_science_class_reddit/ newlinechar 	So you're not some lonely douche that does nothing but reddits all day?
I dont know much about monks, but looking at your stats it seems like you were carried by your other 3 players.  newlinechar  newlinechar From my personal experience, and opinion, gear is very much a part of killing stuff in Act 2 and beyond. Please don't spread misinformation.	Yeah, his stats are awful lol. Definitely got carried. GJ though.
I guess I should say, with short hair.	So can we get some pictures then, pretty please?
lol it looks like you solved your own problem, then! That is an awesome idea :)	Thanks :D
you dont *know* me	I *know* you're not a bench! Benches can't pay for the internet! They don't have jobs!
That could possible be the best movie in the history of time. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm sure John would love it.	[hubba hubba](/sgt)
Actually, some people DO make placenta smoothies after they give birth. Most for 'more vitamins to help the mother breastfeed the baby'  (read: They're batshit crazy.)	http://articles.nydailynews.com/2012-03-26/news/31241743_1_placenta-xander-parenting newlinechar  newlinechar 
A turtle neck is the obvious way to go.	S'GOOOO!!
For the completely uninitiated, oishii means tasty or delicious in Japanese.	Yes, thank you newlinechar 
Words can't describe how much I hate people like you. That was entirely unnecessary. 	The odd part is this person doesn't post much, but they mustered up the courage to come here and mock a cancer patient. It's not even an apparent attempt of trolling. Let that sink in. 
You managed an entry! Awesome. I'll check it out later tonight. newlinechar  newlinechar (I'm also excited this is now the most entries we've gotten for a contest thus far)	It was really close :P, now imgur's giving me a lot of trouble processing my images :s, i'll have it up within the hour or tomorrow morning.
Except for 570, 580, 590, 670, 680, 690, 6950, 6970, 7870, 7950, 7970, 7990	Did you forget the 7850?
Here's a link that describes the settings. You can set it in the RDP connection settings or with group policy. newlinechar http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/cc771538.aspx newlinechar  newlinechar You right click on the user name in taskman and then click Remote Control. Pretty slick.	Interesting, because I thought I had set this, but it would still ask for a password. I'll double check my settings. 
Hello, fellow hoopie.  :D	You mean Mountie? Lol
most posts in this subreddit are about how great tim duncan is.	Try mentioning that Karl Malone was a better PF.  God the anger.
Nice, but am I the only one that thinks Utopia has had enough reprints? 	Its 5th? in a year or so... so no, you probably aren't
stim marines	Regular marines
'Chowd' is a lot closer to 'child' than what she said. She didn't even pronounce the 'D'.	terrifying
Karma train.tiff pls ignore	Would choo mind if I join?
damnit its real.  my eyes hurt	Let me guess, combine /r/spacedicks and /r/mylittlepony 's porn subreddit of /r/clopclop , and you end up with /r/spaceclop ? newlinechar  newlinechar I don't need to click these links.  I've been around long enough to know better....
'but thats' 'butthats' 'butt hats' newlinechar  newlinechar sorry... I tried to comprehend that filename and my brain decided to pick that out.	New in TF2!
I added her on Xbox but I don't think she has any games-- she's always on the dashboard.	Woah, upvote for the most recent Princess Di joke I've heard in a while.
Jesus has no time for anyone, he is too busy landscaping. Those crazy Mexicans.	hahaha I'm mexican, this is too funny
Ahh you see, Reddit knows this and would not count downvotes from your other two accounts because they are all coming from the same IP within a short time frame. That's how primitive voting bots and not nice users act.	Mate, its a joke mate. Stop being so tight, cunt.
Not 69.  Least sexy position ever.   newlinechar  newlinechar Doggystyle works pretty good.  Although who doesn't like a good ride?	Can you recommend a title by you with a good doggy style scene? I would like to buy it as a thank you for you doing this ama =)
I live in PA and it's usually $20 for a gram of good stuff and 50-60 for and eighth.	I too live in PA and it's 10/g for mids, 15/g for nug and 20/g for heads.
I uh....read that as the other kind of DP....Dr. Pepper makes much more sense. 	I made the same mistake once...
the trick is to give no fucks.	It's not a trick. It's a lifestyle.
I didn't really put too much thought into the title. I should have put something like, 'A title that doesn't express the joke.'	Someone downvoted you, so I upvoted you.
When was the last time a poor person employed you?	That's not the argument I was making.  And are you saying the US has a dearth of rich people?
Maybe have an image of them on a bicycle built for two together? newlinechar  newlinechar Otherwise: Christhomas Hitchenson. newlinechar  newlinechar I have terrible ideas...	If I was going for a laugh, I'd love your ideas. newlinechar  newlinechar *patpatpat* Attaboy.
&gt; Especially when it flies in the face of common sense and practical knowledge of the given field. newlinechar  newlinechar That 'common sense' is why I left the mental health field and went into forestry. Talking to trees is a lot easier and they're way more patient.	Same reason why I prefer animals over people.
I shifted my eyes and mumbled that I didn't want to talk about it. I thought that was hilarious, but the administration did not. 	Makeup??
Yes, especially when she snorts. newlinechar  newlinechar &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;	Finally, someone who understands me. 
AU, thanks!	I steel think the OP's was strongest.
When does it start on the 2nd?	5pm!
Trains. Now what?	Very good. sprrd with the set, and wedonotagree with the spike.
It is known that there is a correlation, but not the source of the correlation. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.anemia.org/patients/feature-articles/content.php?contentid=000472&amp;sectionid=00015	Thanks. 
You damn kids and your rap music	If you don't listen to hip-hop, how'd you get the reference? newlinechar  newlinechar I smell a conspiracy.
The Cubs are much more like the Ironborn, they're full of themselves but ultimately haven't ever done much to be proud of.  newlinechar  newlinechar Full disclosure: St. Louis fan here	A Titans and Cardinals fan, huh? If I had to guess, I'd bet you live in Southern Illinois.
I guess I understand. But I was really psyched to see IRL Suki.	When I cut my hair, it totally clicked in my head. However, a huge difference is that I have hazelish green eyes instead of blue.
In your own backyard. /r/smoking	I second this.
I'm not a reseller and I can tell that their numbers are insane. It's one thing to say that something's worth 2 grand, and another thing to sell it for two grand.  newlinechar  newlinechar That being said, I love Storage Wars.	I love watching the shows too! Good entertainment!
nom nom nom 	First comment on my first post on Reddit!  Yay!
Ouch! newlinechar  newlinechar Maybe he can sue Geelong Grammar because he didn't get the Head-of-State job he wanted in a timely manner.	That's a remarkably erudite reference by internet standards.
disolve into iso alcohol, run through coffee filter. Evaporate leftovers, and you have hash. Tastes like shit, but it gets you baked safely.	i was going to write this, but you beat me to it hah, 91% alcohol is preferred btw
To be fair, they don't mention any prior convictions the guy had.  I would guess he had at least a few.	People have dug up info on him in the past. He not only had prior convictions, but he was currently on probation at the time of the robbery. 
Hola todos, buena iniciativa esta, saludos desde Chile! newlinechar Como hincha de La U de Chile y simpatizante de River, Junio promete ser un orgasmo futbolistica	Como hincha de River no veo la hora de que termine. Buena suerte contra Boca, aunque viendo como juegan ustedes no creo que la necesiten
I want to marry a cactus	ouch
And more importantly [this guy.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jX3iLfcMDCw&amp;list=UU9Ntx-EF3LzKY1nQ5rTUP2g&amp;index=4&amp;feature=plcp)	There must be a lot of drugs involved with this. 
Me gusta...	[](/dumbfabric) Tres Bien.. Now for a Great and Powerful Tie design
I'm fairly new to reddit so I'm not too sure how each community works, but I imagined to get a lot of answers with 'YOLO' and a bunch of other mainstream trash 	In r/teenagers you can expect lots of educated responses, but for every 5 smart ones you get the occasional bad one. Welcome to the community!
Francis Parker Middle School*	is your name paul?
Yeah Swain is receiving some major QoL and ability buffs. But outside of him and Renekton it seems to be nerfs all around. I like to see a balance of nerfs and buffs every patch. Maybe they will be adding more buffs to other champs before next patch.	Well, what would you like being buffed, not counting reworks (like stealth, Karma, etc).  I personally can't think of much, everything seems relatively balanced.
Zetterberg, next question	I honestly don't think a Swedish Captain will work in Detroit......
I'm aware, it's still completely hypocritical.	Couldn't agree more.
You don't have to. Where do you think the weapons they're buying come from?	Chest bug that is now patched.
Thanks for the spoil proofing, I hadn't seen the ending yet. 	Neither did she.
You don't really have to spend _that_ much time on reddit for that to happen anymore though.	every other post here is the top comment on an askreddit thread currently on the frontpage...
Indeed, Happy birthday good sir.	It's not contagiondj's birthday, it's OP's.
You can get a refurb'ed recent model for [about $350](http://www.gainsaver.com/Catalog/Detail.aspx?cICode=121565&amp;CID=103&amp;SID=MB139LL/A). Or just go the Apple TV route.	Apple TVs do not have a tuner option.
...what's wrong with cargo shorts?	Nobody's gotten a handjob in cargo shorts since 'Nam
Damn right we are.	Wow relevant user name
Now that's just terrorable.	That spelling is terri... oooh I get it.
That was the joke newlinechar  newlinechar How do you make a 6 year old girl cry a second time? newlinechar You wipe your bloody dick on her teddy bear.	I knew that that joke was awful, but the deleted comment made me think there was a worse joke following it. Oh goodness.  
Good to know I'm not the only one thinking, 'Errr...I do not think you understand how pregnancy works'	kinda disappointed i had to go down this far in the comments to find this.
I love Azingy because no matter what he goes in balls deep 100% newlinechar He's like me if I was 2600 ELO &lt;3	I doubt he will do it =( but GoodGuy zig tried to relay the msg him
A+ newlinechar  newlinechar Would be proud to hang on my wall. 	Tis for sale! I'm thinking about doing another one with spaghetti arabic letters hehe
Or wear a scarf.  newlinechar  newlinechar It will make his future employers think that he is conscious of his self-image, which means that they will not have to worry about him presenting a negative image to potential clients.	[I'm ready for my close-up Mr. Deville.](http://adamtelian.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/bad-fashion-hipster-glasses.jpg?w=500)
You truly know how to flatter a ~~lady~~ tropical bird.	I do what I can. Also, flamingos are my second favorite bird, to the owl. 
Yeah, I look at this and wonder what my sophomore self was thinking. I guess I have the excuse of almost no programming experience at that point, but still.	You were probably thinking that newlinechar  newlinechar     int c[n]; newlinechar  newlinechar doesn't compile. Not even if you had const int n.
It's...a map of Skyrim!  Mindblowing, right? newlinechar  newlinechar I think it's safe to say we don't need to analyze every frame of this trailer.	Yeah I don't see why this needed its own post. Obviously those cities are of key interest in the DLC but there's nothing more we can speculate than that.
We don't responde so we can make fun of you.	You guys are pure evil. Makes us feel awkward as hell.
If that's the case, would you say everything with a gold or platinum rating on the AppDB could be considered a native linux version?	It depends. Are those apps supported by the developer? Are they tailored for WINE? If yes, then the argument could be made. If no, then not quite. It just happens to be compatible.
And 100% of computer users pirate music. 	I just use a youtube playlist, which is more of a loophole than pirating.
Walmart wasn't always huge, but they've always had the same pricing policy.  	Their motto/mission statement is not in anyway a pricing policy. There's a huge difference in selling perishables vs. selling durable goods like textiles. Which is why an everyday low price with Walmart can succeed and places like JC Penny and Sears fail trying to do something similar. 
I wouldn't run 2008R2 as a workstation OS....	Not saying it's the *best* idea, just saying it's possible. With the proper configuration, you can make 2008R2 act pretty much identically to 7.
I got the original Jeff sprite sheet from Derferman's page for the game here: https://github.com/kyleconroy/hawkthorne-journey/blob/master/src/images/jeff.png newlinechar Then I simply edited the colors and added a few things using the 1px square pencil tool in Photoshop CS5.	Thanks!
is it?!	Definitely. It's a spot-on description, and in my opinion you are very pretty, so don't take the 'Michael Cera is ugly!' comments personally...haha. newlinechar  newlinechar Love that show.
I don't know, but it sure does have a nice trunk!	Thank you! That's what I thought. Without knowing anything else about it, I went ahead and snapped it up. It was only $15.
What do you get when you cut a baby with a straight razor? newlinechar An erection.	What's the best part about fucking twenty one year olds? newlinechar  newlinechar There are twenty of them.
lynching.exe	paternalism.docx
Baby why don't we go	DOWN TO KOKOMO newlinechar  newlinechar WE'LL TAKE IT FAST AND THEN WE'LL TAKE IT SLOW
Holy hot damn yes please newlinechar  newlinechar Finally some freakin variety on here	I appreciate a wiiide variety of boners.  However, when I post the 'spicier' fellas, they tend to go un-noticed, and when I put them up, kind of rapid fire, I feel spammy about it.  Here, enjoy my current pride and hnnnggg, Tadanobu Asano. newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/5t3iX.jpg
Yeah, PayPal is also a problem.  I hope you have a separate bank account linked to it, because PayPal sometimes will have it closed. I know a few people who won't keep more than $1,000-$2,000 in their acct because of the shady PayPal practices. 	We usually only keep $1000 in paypal, for busniess purchases. We use the paypal debit cards often. But as soon as we get a big score, or the balance exceeds $2000 it usually goes into the bank! That has saved our butts more than I'd like
There has always been 4chan and always will be	It has no beginning and no end. It is the alpha and the omega. It is beyond understanding, it simply is. 
Gah. I was trying to avoid things from that thread [](/smith) newlinechar  newlinechar I could just tell from the title it'd be too gross.	Along with the 'What's the most politically incorrect/controversial/asnine belief you have?' these threads appear weekly - they actually serve no purpose because funnily enough; we're the only ones who read them - everyone else just wants to join the dagpile and post their own fucked up thoughts for validation.
I think the 1906 Ultras would have a chant about that 'you're just a Galaxy of burnt out stars'	1906 fans that attend Chivas USA games, yea they would have something to say. If we are burnt out stars, what is a Juan Pablo?
Nice. Why is he called '10 guy?' I've never understood this.	People in the r/trees subreddit rate themselves from a [1] to a [10] to describe how high they are while posting or how high they were in a story.
Sadly they only started recording blocks mid way through Kareem's career.  newlinechar  newlinechar Congrats to Duncan regardless. 	Can we extrapolate to guess Kareem's blocks? I am sure it's not twice as many as the recorded blocks right? newlinechar 
i've started to use smokescreen and prep im thinking of just getting rid of my sentry and have it replaced with the trap.	The first trap you get is fantastic, especially with the two second root or damage rune (Damage rune really helps burns down the little annoying trash that bum rush you)
Really? How many times have atheists knocked on your door to share the good news about Dawkins and how many times have you been handed literature by atheists about their non-faith in the streets? And what about all those atheists churches out there too, so much proselytizing.	Atheists do their proselytizing via douchey facebook comments.
He switched to eating cow meat. :)  Somebody on YouTube commented after the last video that he was holding it in his hand when he started discussing the next prank.	Who did, Zisteau? Z's been rocking the animal meat since he's been on the server. That man is no vegetarian.
Yeah, and all he has is his remaining billions as  consolation. 	he should sell it all now and retire before facebook becomes worthless.
Which isn't in game yet bwahaa! 	I shot him from within PS1. newlinechar  newlinechar Yes it can do that.
So far it's been a smashing success.	haha i laughed out loud. thank you
Whoa, that's crazy. Kind of reminds me of that guy in Britain with a thirty second memory!	huh, where's he from?
Excuse me for pointing this out, but you are making reddit a worse place if you respond to nonsense with rage. Respond to nonsense with a downvote and a kittycat if you must.	It's a movie quote from Happy Gilmore 
You forgot 'Yeehaw!'	It's spelled 'Yahweh'
You still have time, cancel that Crosley order! newlinechar Seriously, read the guide and get something real, or you'll regret it very soon.	i'm trying to, but the company won't respond to emails and my mom's too lazy to call them. (She has all of the order info, so I can't do it myself.) i'll nag her about it tomorrow. what kind of player do you recommend?
Oh Right I'm so sure you didn't laugh typing THAT	I never laugh. I am always deadly serious. Especially about octogenarian horizontal bending practice.
**DAE HAVE THE WEIRDEST BONER RIGHT NOW???**	&gt; **DAE HAVE A PERFECTLY APPROPRIATE BONER RIGHT NOW?** newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY
Boom, wildfire	Are some folks only temporarily filipino?  How long does it take before it wears off?
You heard it here, folks: Alacritous *has* been so far as to do want look like.	They don't think it be like it is but it do.
[Sparred](http://i.imgur.com/lszOq.jpg)!	Alright, that's kinda funny. 
Does anyone have a good mail order place?	Always been a fan of [these guys](http://www.flyingbeeranch.net/), and they have great prices. Others here have used them as well! newlinechar  newlinechar 
My buddy wore his Polska Euro 2008 jersey.  I thought that was pretty unique.  He got a ton of compliments on it.	I just don't understand why people wear unrelated jerseys to games but I guess some people like it.
... I am a fan...	[I see.](http://i278.photobucket.com/albums/kk97/luketheduke86/Fry.jpg) newlinechar  newlinechar [I regret nothing!](http://imgur.com/5mM89) newlinechar  newlinechar 
Motion dismissed bring in the dancing lobsters.	This needs more upvotes
It's the perfect offensive joke. Every few words something new and horrifying comes to light.	Especially since I just realized that the 'grandma eater' knows what horse semen tastes like. _
Yeah but it only applies to gaming disks. So all your Steam downloads, WoW subscription fees, and NES Carts don't count. 	That's how I answered it too.
yeah Europeans think we're demons and in Africans/Asians think we're deities.  At least in my experience.	So....what do you do when someone asks if you're a god?
Pretty much hit it on the head.	Lies you preach!
Great, there's three of us that think it's cool.	The way Pendragon worded that actually made me feel sad and ungrateful even though I thought 34% ip was gonna be awesome D:
Every joke in this thread.	I agree, Fagbert Fagenheimer.
I am in a wheelchair. A fringe benefit? I get to keep my wallet under my seat cushion where it is virtually impossible to get pick pocketed. Oh, and there's an easy way to CC a full frame pistol on it.	Do you have a 1911 with a Latin engraving by chance?
The red means it's hitting the awesome. 	i have been going to school for nothing then! 
Yep, I have one of those too :)	me three
[I like this one more](http://i.imgur.com/lZteV.jpg)	[My crappy MS Paint edit](http://i.imgur.com/KD5DX.png)
Asi los engaan. Vienen lo pibe buscando droga y zaassss REHAB. 	Ojo, capaz que son pibes buscando rehab y zaasssss MS DROGA.
o.o; Well... I'm not entirely sure I want Karma... 	YOU TAKE MY KARMA YOU BASTARD
Have to be more specific, I destroy documents every day, Everyone does. More or less for the better. You wouldn't believe how much delicate information we deal with. From celebrities to homeless people.   	Ever destroy documents to cover up something shady/unethical/illegal?
Oh. I have another question, but I think you'd comeback with sarcasm. So never mind. :p	no by all means go ahead. i dont mind.
No one takes SRS seriously. They became what they hated and try to be funny and cool.	it's hard to take something seriously when they ban people on an even more whimsical basis than /r/pyongyang
so did [I... and now i need that app](http://i.imgur.com/wzq0g.jpg) newlinechar  newlinechar [and the original post](http://www.reddit.com/r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu/comments/ir8vq/new_face_idea_was_mine_but_since_i_am_lacking_all/).... for science! 	I love the intense Me Gusta, I wish more people would use it in their comics..
I work in the shop at RCR. 	Can a brother get an AMA? 
In [this](http://i.imgur.com/sOzOF.jpg) shoot I put red food dye all over me and in my eye later (it looked creepy and awesome) but my face was stained pink for DAYS.	context? 
Have you ever been on a 'post your picture' thread before? Reddit girls are best girls.	The North Korea of girls.
I fear you guys over estimate my powers of drawings. I put a disclaimer though so I can't be held responsible in court.	Do not fear. I don't expect much at all. Except that you have fun doing it! Even if your skills are comparable to a six year old's, I will be more than satisfied. That's what she said. 
Pull the bag out, then it's like a giant [Capri Sun](http://www.google.co.jp/search?q=capri+sun&amp;tbm=isch).	I always heard it called the [space bag](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=space+bag).
That throw is what gets me. As bad as one of my little league throws.	Seriously though, he was charged with more than one error, right?
Do you have a newsletter or something we can subscribe to, sir?	Not yet, but I know for a fact you live in my city. El Mariachi is a Mexican restaurant and 304 is my are code :)
Upvote for every comment mentioning 'isotope,' thank you command f	Upvote for coming across someone else doing the same thing as me! I'm being selective for Albuquerque isotopes comments. Go 'topes!
I highly doubt people would have complained about a 100% boost.	You overestimate this community's capacity for gratefulness.
Press F2 to switch to gunner's seat and F1 to switch back to pilot/cannoneer extraordinaire's seat.	Wow I never knew that! Thank you so much. newlinechar  newlinechar Another quick question, can you drive in gunner seat? 
I normally only reddit at work.  newlinechar  newlinechar 	Ah well. All the power to you--I couldn't give a fuck, mind you. Always fun to see what people think's important on the internet. Once you start caring is when you've, by all and any accounts, lost your fother mucking garbles. 
The only reason #16 made the list.	\#15.
The sheer panic is when that device is 1,000 miles away. Now I'm not going to be able to sleep tonight.	[that feel](http://i.imgur.com/F1mvG.gif)
Well, it's a German thing, we are conditioned to think like that. Other words that make Germans uncomfortable: (Group-)Showers, Soap-production etc.	I think group showers make most people uncomfortable, but I see your point.
Nice, but the world needs more LP	Me too.  hahahahaha. newlinechar JD
What factor caused them to decide that Japan would be a better ally?	It has been awhile since I have read the before mentioned book, however I believe that Hitler simply saw the Japanese as a more valuable ally then China. In addition I believe Ribbentrop's take over of the foreign office contributed to the development of a pro Japanese Foreign policy. 
Bailey: 'spending a year dead is a popular tax dodge' newlinechar a (possible) reference to hotblack desiato in hitchhiker's guide newlinechar 	This was also referenced in Futurama. Farnsworth refutes it as simply taking a nap in a public park.
[Is this better?](http://i.imgur.com/OMbQc.jpg)	Much. \*fapfapfapfapfap* [](/fapfap)
look up Harmy's Despecialized Editions. star wars as it was meant to be. 	Were they just taped off HBO in the 80's? Because *that's* the way Star Wars was meant to be.
You've got to be kitten me.	Pawtal 3 is going to be so much fun
We have been adding some color to our newer bills, see [here](http://i.imgur.com/5vaO0.jpg), [here](http://i.imgur.com/NyCwz.jpg), and [here](http://i.imgur.com/kgixZ.jpg). newlinechar  newlinechar Also, I love the [nicknames](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_dollar#Nicknames) we have for our money.	I'm actually impressed by the new 100's, as I haven't actually seen one of these in circulation.  newlinechar  newlinechar Even with the color, it's nice to see we can still refer to them as green backs. =]
Don't you worry about [blank], let me worry about [blank].	I want to add to this thread but I'm drawing a [blank].
I'm 100% sure there is nothing she said that justified her being doxxed. I'm just really curious wat it was exactly that pissed these kids off so bad.	I'm telling you that it was because she is a woman and the fact that most redditors have a crazy belief that women are only out for karma and putting men in the friend zone. 
if you're a pussy. you could alternatively pound her into uncontrollable jungle noise mode and then peace out having the same effect as your lame ass dismount.	It's not about how much of a wuss you are. To do that you're admitting that you're so desperate for sex with anyone you'll put up with bullshit like that. Sorry, but fuck that.
&gt; you'd be 'upside down' half the time, but it would still be fuckable.   newlinechar This without context could be taken in a myriad of ways.  	Post it to /r/nocontext then. :)
Probably the highest suicide rate of any planet by percentage.	I dunno. I think the Goth Kid Planet has that stat on lockdown.
FYI you  can change the donation type from windows to Linux at the bottom of your link page along with your name if you need.	Ah, I never noticed that. Thank you! Just fixed it.
You think so? But you barely know me. : P	You don't know that I wasn't talking about the dog.. 
We usually only keep $1000 in paypal, for busniess purchases. We use the paypal debit cards often. But as soon as we get a big score, or the balance exceeds $2000 it usually goes into the bank! That has saved our butts more than I'd like	Ha, I don't know how many times I've heard that exact same thing.  
Hmm... We meet again, Lordington McDinosaur...	-Gentleman. newlinechar Tips hat
Thank you for all the pictures! I was there as well and it was a great event, wasn't it?	It was [amazing](http://www.reddit.com/r/day9/comments/u8dwi/holy_shit_i_just_got_day9_to_run_across_the/)! newlinechar  newlinechar I had so much fun, it was truly an honor/pleasure to be there and see it all go down from start to finish. I am a lucky lady ^_^
Would choo mind if I join?	Can't think of a pun newlinechar  newlinechar l'choo l'choo
Well, it demotes tourism which brings in less revenue to the city. so he's not that stupid!	I suppose that's a fair point. But at the same time they're a young team in the city. A move like this by the ownership says 'hey locals, newlinechar We think of you first!' which could be important in the long run. 
Tell that to SolInvictus	http://i.imgur.com/RzQdW.gif
/r/mylittledamon 	what... the fuck was that. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Because I really enjoyed that.
That's why you never talk to the police, amirite?	Blood is LITERALLY gushing out of my chest while final thoughts rush through my head. So yeah, FUCK THE PO-PO!
Couldn't find the original source. newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/n8NHE.jpg	[Full HD, for those of you like me with three 1080p's](http://cloud.steampowered.com/ugc/523781791312300154/67A9ABB415FA695EB46F7E63D2CCEE150FE36EE6/).
I felt comforted until I saw the disapproving eyes, what's up with that?? So, I SHOULDN'T go??	If you're this paranoid, don't go. You won't have a good vacation if you're worrying about being arrested &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232; newlinechar 
no by all means go ahead. i dont mind.	Cool. What made them call you that? Did you eat a lot of potato, or what?
Do you think bacteria worship a god of their own, thinking they live meaningful significant lives, while we simply ignore or think not twice when cleansing them from their world?	Somebody saw Avengers
S'what my cat used to do. 60% of the time it worked every time.	OI! STOP STEALING MY LINES FUCKER!
No, sorry i'm really just trying to start reading for the summer and i'm also trying to write a lot of songs and lyrically want some place of inspiration. My favorite band Mumford and Sons gets a lot of inspiration for lyrics from Steinbeck. I'll look into Flannery O'Connor now.	I recommend either the complete book of her short stories or the collection titled *A Good Man Is Hard to Find*, which has some of her most famous and accessible short stories. 
5pm!	Cool! What about on Sunday?
Pictures, please?	I have some, but I don't think I'm ballsy enough :(
It upsets me that she was struck down in her prime.	Is she dead? Or are you talking about becoming another victim of a terrible boobjob?
You are correct.	Why not do a forced sneak/unsneak every five ticks? I have eclipse on a different workspace right now, so I can't check to see if there's a way to do a player.isSneaking or player.startsneak or the like.
its dark there.	This one gave me quite a chuckle,please have an upvote.
No prob. And if they ask you, play up the Canadian part. They got an attitude towards the Chinese, even though the cultures are very similar. I guess something about 1,000 years of occupation left them a wee bit bitter.	Sorry if I'm asking too many questions, but one more! newlinechar  newlinechar Do a lot of them speak Mandarin in northern Vietnam?
Both.	I guess a little of both. But that is for any stereotype that is made true by people doing stupid things.
You don't understand. Now there's no reason to use it ever. It's like medic or soldier default melee weapons.	what gallifreyan said... this is how valve 'deletes' weapons. now shit spies cant run around shooting ppl with a gun that out dps's the one that actually requires skill(ambassador).
Oh yeah it's definitely not an issue of them selling out, more of an issue of me being a cheap bastard and wanting a good deal :P	Ha, I understand. I haven't had any experience with scalpers during Astro's games, but at other events I haven't ever seen them with better deals than buying tickets straight up. Usually they're trying to turn a profit themselves.
Don't you talk to Wil Wheaton that way!	Oh shit! I love Wil Wheaton! I didn't realize it was him! SHIT!
it's hard to take something seriously when they ban people on an even more whimsical basis than /r/pyongyang	I got banned for a joke about how they consider everyone a shithole. Banned for being irrelevant despite the person who called other places shit holes was left alone. I harassed them for a long time about it but finals rolled around.
That does seem to explain it quite well. It never ceases to amaze me how good christians are at cherry picking parts of the Bible that support their opinions and completely ignoring the parts of the Bible that don't support them.	That is one of my biggest pet peeves
Misinformed Redditor: Thinks Skyrim is on Origin; Is actually on Steam?	Misinformed Redditor: Thinks *Skyrim* is *Diablo III*, Actually Can Play in Offline Mode?
If you don't listen to hip-hop, how'd you get the reference? newlinechar  newlinechar I smell a conspiracy.	got to know what you hate. 
It's used in a ton of recipes - you should definitely give it a shot. I just got my first order from Amazon, so I'm anxious to try some of them out.	Thanks I'll get on it. My pizza is a little soft!
Good question. I wonder if you'll get more answers over in /r/relationships 	That was where I was going to put it,, then the rules on the sidebar made me nervous.
Right?  Poor, poor OP.  It's a good thing he knows that *everyone* judges people when they sneeze.	Totally, first there's, like, a tickling sensation, and then there's a really loud sound!  And then people say 'bless you' and judge you for life.
i would give everything to spend a night with a blonde bombshell like you *melts*	Aww, shucks :3
I also completely trust random blog posts from 2006	haha seems legit... newlinechar at least i hope its BS because i nearly always hold in my sneezes...
Some STDs can still transfer even with using a condom.	Yes, but mostly things like genital warts that extend beyond the condom. These sorts are usually visible (thus why good prostitutes see value in a visual inspection). So yes, using a condom is not perfect, but doesn't present that great a risk that it is worth not having sex.
Gnosis is the greek noun for 'knowledge'. Any 'Gnostic' is someone claiming to know. In the case of Gnostic Christians, they claimed to know the supreme ruler of the earth (and in some cases thought it was a different god to the creator god).	I'm aware. It just seems like the mysticism sense has been used for a long time whereas using it to mean the opposite of agnosticism is very very recent. Possibly an Internet neologism.
instead of saying this...just upvote. here have a downvote. lol jk	Ouch. Never been downvoted on trees. Man I'm too sober. I always saw that comment as a double upvote.
Sometimes not running out of gas isn't an option.	LPT: Keep a full jerrycan in the trunk.
Translation and summary: I beat him when I play Irelia so he's not OP. I don't think he's anti fun. He's very easy to gank because he has no escapes. I think he also said something about low elos are dumb(I know muffin did).	I'm pretty sure that Wickd can beat anyone with his Irelia.
the spy's sapper is selected similarly to the engie's buildings, (sentry is build 2 0 and a sapper is build 3 0), so probably a glitch where it counted each sapper as a building.	Or it was during the brief period where spy could build dispensers.
Every time I read 'He' instead of 'he' I feel as if I'm verbally having a finger jabbed into my chest by someone overemphasizing a point. Anybody else?	Not just that but words like 'Works', 'Greatness', or 'Kingdom' as well.
I can understand capitalizing The Marines, but do you actually capitalize an individual Marine?	I'm guessing it's because Marine means someone in the Marines, but marine means 'something to do with water', like marine biology. newlinechar  newlinechar ...and now I'm thinking about Marine biology...
I know, right? I don't get why people complained about the number of shows on WWII on the history channel. They showed all those because WWII is fucking amazing to learn about. 	Some WWI shows would be nice, or about the Frank Prussian War? 
i could personally give two fucks about my catalyst, but yeah, you're right. not that running rich is any better for your engine, though. fouling plugs and whatnot.	Yeah, me neither. Straight pipes ftw, but again, the EPA may not quite agree with us :\
The word Conglomerate immediately turned me off.  I will admit that I'd like to track down more lore.	http://www.planetside2.com/news/oct10BackstoryIntro newlinechar  newlinechar There's a lot more on the site but that's the furthest back it goes :)
http://www.hellokittyshoponline.com/235-1126-large/2012-new-hello-kitty-table-knife.jpg	Dear god that'd be awesome! Imagine your victim seeing the handle on their kill screen
Mom? Dad?	I thought we got rid of you...
thinking about getting it just because it said 9 women have rated me highly and I want to know who! 	But, you find out now, don't you?  newlinechar  newlinechar Maybe I don't understand that feature very well, but I know I get e-mails whenever someone rates me '4 or 5 stars'.
Pretty sure there are Flipcup specifications. First line anyone?	Fuck that shit. Top it off. newlinechar  newlinechar 
its actually an amazing process. They make 23 million pizza rolls a day and 2 million party pizza a day. When I used to watch the process I used to think of it as a river of pizza rolls. I am going to have to buy some.	The simple fact that you worked there, yet are still willing to eat them, makes me feel more comfortable in buying them. 
No, when two things of different temperatures are isolated in a calorimeter, they equalize to the same temperature between the two originals. Doesn't matter which is added to which.	This is true.  To add to that always remember that cold is just the absence of heat.  Therefore it doesn't affect the accuracy of the heat gain/loss.  
36E-25S you are doomed.  That commute may be 45-60 min one way, even worse in winter.  I would try to move closer to work.	 -_- Thanks for the morale booster! Is there a rail system i could take?
MK Dons?	I'd suggest we pick him up, if 2 of our best players didn't play the same positions as he does.
On a related topic, where do you live and how much is your pizza?	You can't just go out and solicit sex from a girl just because she posted on reddit.
....and fart at the same time.	My friends and I used to call that a 'frazzle'.
It say's here http://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/uf254/one_of_the_best_news_from_the_last_update/   newlinechar that newlinechar  newlinechar None of the items you purchase or the progress you make will be lost or reset once the game is available for everyone.	Missed that last part about progress. thanks!
You don't understand. Steve, Reggie, and Marv are *afraid*. They felt physically intimidated by KP, and could you blame them?	I'd argue that Marv and Steve were. Reggie enjoyed it.
What *are* they supposed to be used for anyways?	Is this a serious question? (If it is, its to stop the box from crushing/ruining the pizza, by propping the box up in the center... the most likely spot for the box to cave in and ruin your pizza... or make it more sloppy anyway)
really? i think he's just awkward and ugly :l newlinechar  newlinechar perfect for the roles he plays but still, awkward and ugly	Eh, agree to disagree. We just have different taste in men, I guess. I think his cute awkwardness is insanely sexy. I'd jump his bones in a heartbeat. 
C'est le gouvernement qui attend que a pte pour tout les descridit aupres de l'opinion public...	Malheureusement, plus le temps passe plus j'ai l'impression que c'est ce que le gouvernement espre. Ce sont des jeune et... ben soyons raliste, des jeuen ca fait des niaiserie plus facilement qu'un adulte pour qui les consquence sont plus prononc. C'est presque du capital politique gratuit.
Let me see the entire error, right now I can only see a snippet.	err, you can see the entire error: `Syntax error on token 'int', delete this token`
I'm assuming he meant to say Pelton, as in Dean Pelton.	Or maybe he meant [Fenton](http://i.imgur.com/SrFra.jpg)?
Oh, please, stop with this behind the scenes shit. 	behind the scenes = IRC chatroom newlinechar  newlinechar *oooooOOOOOooohh scarrryyy*
i saw tap water in this thread, i'm a big fan.	Oooh a sense of humor.  newlinechar  newlinechar Seriously, tell us what to buy. We like you.
Done, message sent.	Schwooter won, money sent.
dino340	[Did we just become best friends?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QzBmQMyYDBk)
that was about brains, the stuff inside the head.	me get that confused
i've said this to many of my friends who agree with me but when it comes to; 2 men fighting or a group of men fighting, the women are the absolute worst at inciting it to make sure it esculates.	It's also what's typical of males when watching females fight, in saying that, it's not okay.
I going to kill your family in their sleep. My bow does 3x sneak damage.	That would be justice 
Also there is [Luke Brown](http://spectraleyes.com/art.html). Feel free to share; I never had any luck...	Right, Luke Brown did [that 3d gif thingy](http://www.spectraleyes.com/gallery/main.php?g2_itemId=6169) that's been floating around. Nice work.
so you go in thread comments without really know what they are about? 	Internet!
Senna?	Had to be. Shame that people think like that guy. 
You are very mistaken if you think that Porter and Skrillex use analog gear to mix and master their tracks. 	After they make their tracks on shitty Mac speakers, they send the WAV stems to someone that *does* have the expensive analog gear. 
See, the prank *looks* awesome... but they might have ruined this guy's chance at a job and in this economy, I don't think there's anything epic about fucking with someone's chance for a job. 	Good, responsible comment. Upvote.  newlinechar  newlinechar I like a good prank as much as the next dude, but when it bleeds into professional life, it goes too far. Some people need to responsibly put food on the table, no joke.
I know, I like that about him. Also you know who just impressed me once again? Madeon. Check his last [teaser](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hiJ9MrDK2nI) . What do you guys think?	Almost every pop, electronic producer I know does the exact opposite of this photo. TONS OF HEADROOM and limited and compressed to fuck to get massive levels like that.
But isn't it not in not out of the snapshot?!	On the contrary, it is in not out of the snapshot.
Let me guess, combine /r/spacedicks and /r/mylittlepony 's porn subreddit of /r/clopclop , and you end up with /r/spaceclop ? newlinechar  newlinechar I don't need to click these links.  I've been around long enough to know better....	Something in my wanted to believe that didn't exist. newlinechar  newlinechar I've been on the internet long enough to know the keyboard shortcut for 'back'.  (Your point is still valid though... wtf was I thinking) newlinechar  newlinechar Ye be warned!
One day at a time.  I'm not drinking tonight, that is all I know.	Cool. Promise me you'll keep posting.  I don't want to have to worry about you.
Boobs.	I knew she had a name, thanks.....
Banelings are cute... All they want is a hug and then they burst in excitement.	just like their boyfriends' wangs
What do matched funds do?	Free money from Uncle Sam for your presidential campaign.
Faping... &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;	You know, fapping and raping at the same time.
I want to see this, now.	If i can get the picture to load, i will post. Im on my iphone and i dont have the full reddit app so i cant make posts or insert pics. I have all the proof. 
&gt;public event newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;invading my privacy newlinechar  newlinechar do you not see something wrong here?	Yes because its 'my' Music and hes putting his nose in it
[](/hahaha)That's actually pretty clever....	Applebloom...blooming flower...apple flower blooming O_O Wow that is clever. 
I have to disagree with you, respectfully of course. They are not cunts, in fact they are generous people and brought something different to Sacramento. What have you done for Sacramento, besides being a slimy cunt? 	I **knew** I wasn't the only one who thought that Caseylicious was a slimy cunt. newlinechar  newlinechar Or was that a butthurt cunt? I forget which one.
Actually that's my neighbours strawberry field (at least last year it was). Also no.  newlinechar Sunrise.	I was joking. I knew it was being prepared for a crop. Yes, sunrise!
Gen 4 is so disappointing compared to 5, though.	STOP STOP PLATINUM WAS THE BEST BECAUSE I NEVER GOT TO PLAY BLACK
AH!  I do recall you.  This is weird.  It did cross my mind at one point wondering if there were any r/Boise'rs out there.  They were standing right next to me the whole time!	After the show I put on the mask from 'The Mask' and fed people chips ahoy cookies. 
Joe from Family Guy	David Puddy from Seinfeld.
(For us English aristocrats, I leave you this 20 mph -&gt; 53760.0 Furlongs/Fortnight) - Pip pip cheerio chaps!	This is the most unnecessary, bandwidth-wasting bot ever.
Sure. I'll upload it now.  newlinechar  newlinechar [Spy Head Alone](http://www.2shared.com/file/p2T2wLFv/head.html)	You sir are a gentleman and a saint. May you unbox an unusual. Thanks very much!
Is good to know you also met the salvation. :) 	wow...
&gt; or if you wanted to go crazy get a crystal, tuner, breadboard, and... newlinechar  newlinechar check out [Crystal Set Projects](http://www.amazon.com/Crystal-set-projects-radio-build/dp/1887736069/), perhaps your local library has a copy.	the other point being is that if this guy really wants to DIY radio he could learn to be a ham and get into all that nerdiness
I steel think the OP's was strongest.	If I had a nickle for every metal related pun thread I would have like 30 cents
So....what do you do when someone asks if you're a god?	You say, 'YES!'
I'm from the morrowind fanbase and I think it could be neat if done right..	if you read up about it you won't be, just another wow clone that doesn't evolve the mmo genre
You're reaching there.	c'mon, get a grip
This was in response to the 'bad trader warning' that popped up on the feed a little while ago, for those that are curious. The thread got really out of hand with real names and addresses being thrown around like no big deal.	Don't you mean 'forum post' not thread? I thought it was a forum post and then all the comments were 'holy crap, posting peoples addresses?'
Dont rage at me but what do you do with bath salts? Lick them like LSD? I'm very noob to these kinds of drugs and not into that stuff at all. Pure trees for me :) 	Snort them. Never tried them myself.
Worst Rule 34 ever?	You misspeled 'best'
Sweet, that's a great idea.  Should I cover myself in honey first, so that I can better stick to the tree without falling off?	Yes. newlinechar  newlinechar Protip - Find a tree with a beehive in it and take some honey from there. Not only is this being eco-conscience, but most bees are usually willing to share some of their over-stock honey that they have no room for in the hive.
And I have HP Grass	But he's part dragon...
Gold, too, has imaginary value. 	Ya, gold definitely doesn't have practical value.
Actually, I think my right hand was shifted one key to the left.  I was surprised that the spell-checker was built to take that into account.	Especially since I expect most people hit the B key with their left hand....
The reason he didn't kill Nick Fury is because all of the main cast is guarded by plot armour. However if this proposed theory is true, it is a very smart way to work around the indestructible nature of the avengers for the first film.	Hence, why I thought it was stupid. However, if this theory is supported in the second Avengers then Loki had a reason not to kill him. I completely understand that you can't kill every main character off, but it was almost exaggerated how easily he let him go. 
You gave away the joke... It's ' what's the difference between a hooker and an onion... You don't cry when you're cutting up the hooker'	For best delivery newlinechar &gt;What's the difference between hookers and onions newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;I cry when I cut up onions
Lots of porn	*superb*
The best Blitz counter is staying behind your minions	not always feasible, often you must miss CS if you are at the end of a wave
You too? It's like my brain is being tickled, better than spider eggs I guess.	It feels like I'm being mind fuck by a dick covered in pop rocks.
Aka Texas.	Yep, that's where I live. Central isn't that bad, but east is awful
is [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/ue83o/not_so_happy_hour/) you?	I came here to ask this, I just saw that clip on the news. 
Kind of sad? Fuck them. 	Unfortunately the article suggests that they are being replaced by less subtle criminals, which is not good at all.
Please translate. 	I think he wants you.
I *know* you're not a bench! Benches can't pay for the internet! They don't have jobs!	only because of obama
I think that will have to wait till the faction mod goes open source after the creator stops supporting it after the next update. Some one can correct me if i am wrong. newlinechar 	I'm 99% sure you can have access to the full factions source code right now.
I THINK SHE'S WEARING A HOOD, GET HER!	I'm here for the witch hunt, did I miss anything?
Ah, yes, Mewton's third law. The reaction of a woman to the acting force of an engagement ring and a kitty is to say yes and immediately engage in sexytimes. 	I read this and my mind immediately read it in Cartman's voice. :3 Oh South Park. 
it is exactly like the christmas event, just summer, different zeds, different achievements, and who knows what else they will bring.  i too started playing during the twisted christmas, so this will be new to me too :p	Woo, can't wait! Have you any idea when it starts? I didn't actually play during the Christmas event, but I did watch SSoHPKC play during that time. I was too poor to afford the game until it went 80% off after the million mark.
I've had plenty, and this definitely happens early on	For those that haven't indulged he's serious, LSD gives you that wonky effect that the video stabilization creates. Trippy.
Not going to list Southeast courses, huh? Fuck me, right?	Yeah! Fuck you! newlinechar  newlinechar ... Actually those were the only ones I could find. If you know of others, let me know!
&gt; M$ newlinechar  newlinechar Why _	Why not? it's just a corporation, it's not like it can be offended or anything?
Seriously. I LOVE being gay. Wouldnt trade it for the world. 	fuck yes! We need more of this attitude in the GSM community... I'm a trans woman and i love it, wouldn't trade it for anything.
Wouldn't be how I would word it, but yes I agree wholeheartedly newlinechar  newlinechar This community has an odd sense of entitlement to a free game that we all love. 	Nothing is free.
If i understand it correctly, swain is going to rape everyone mid now. 620 is a LOT. Hopefully that's just the tether range	the tether range is around 900 right now so i'm pretty sure the buff is on the actual spell range
That's not the argument I was making.  And are you saying the US has a dearth of rich people?	There are fewer rich people than middle class and poor people. You said that rich people do not invest, because they're already making enough money. When was the last time a company refused to invest and actually maintained a profitable business? 
Guys, these are not o-qaeda. They're terrorble. newlinechar I'm sorry, I think I've started this thread on a nose-dive.	Stop. Stop.
I love how you follow up your genuine advice with suggestions for revenge. Nice.	I love how he thinks this guy is actually asking reddit in R/funny for advice on this 2 hrs before an interview. 
Three Cheers for her Vagina! Hip Hip!!	Hurray.
it makes you feel like a boss when you can clear massive hits, and then zero them	i guess im late to the party but what does zero mean? out of context i assume it means to hold it in till theres no smoke
I thought i was prepared, but when all this shit started happening, i realized how unfucking prepared i am...	i thought i was prepared, then when this stuff happened, i remember i can bearly run up the stairs without running out of breath. 
Thanks!	I had the original saved on my computer, here it is in better resolution: newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/0HLjK.jpg
Was she hot? It is important to know.	For science newlinechar  newlinechar Or something
We have a winner.	Oh I thought it was the cost in dollars.
Is he wearing a bluetooth or something?	It's supposed to be sweat xD 
because nobody wants to do business with a company that just hands over private info no questions asked. whether they are an individual or another company.	Nobody?  Check out Facebook.
[I had to.](http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3pj8ii/)	HA HA! Good show old boy!
Well done!	Thank you kind sir/maa'm! :) There was only 2 people in our school that got one, one male and one female, and I was selected :D
ITT: typical butthurt redditors who can't find humor in anything even remotely offensive newlinechar  newlinechar You guys are the most boring group of people I've ever seen	I didn't think it was offensive or funny
Ahhh, shockingly, it's more complex than it initially appeared.  Thanks for the explanation.	It's not, the mods are twisting things in a collaberative way which seems to support their end, but really doesn't.
I can't stand the YTs. Cenk is such a smug dude who just likes the blame to sit on one side of the aisle.	He like a lot of libs is just trying to figure it out, a few more penn interviews and he might actually come around
I never laugh. I am always deadly serious. Especially about octogenarian horizontal bending practice.	[yes](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ccoj5lhLmSQ)
If you want to show your appreciation to them for this, here is a link to send them an email.. Hopefully other companies follow suit. newlinechar  newlinechar https://www.jcpenney.com/dotcom/jsp/feedback/secure/feedback.jsp?pageId=pg100097	'service unavailable'. Did we break it? newlinechar 
0_o	oh, get over it. 
http://www.wired.com/medtech/health/magazine/17-01/ff_cancer newlinechar  newlinechar Any time I think of cancer I think of the above article: 'If we find cancer early, 90 percent survive. If we find cancer late, 10 percent survive.' newlinechar  newlinechar Early detection is key. newlinechar 	I've never wanted a hand up my ass so bad as I do right now. 
Clapton's 4 year old son fell from a window and died.	http://i.imgur.com/wQxMk.jpg
Not with those tentacles in there, I didn't.	Tentacles? All the more reason TO go.
Why does one always look clean and the other dirty?	Because those are the most interesting confluences.  Two clean or two dirty rivers converging looks like nothing of interest.  
Who said they would have to disguise him?	thats the twist.  he actually IS old
he should sell it all now and retire before facebook becomes worthless.	-Tom, Myspace
I've asked him. just. so much stuff. newlinechar  newlinechar The thought of Our New Big Powerful King hanging out on tumblr all day answering questions - most of which are him being all PUNY IMPERTINENT HUMAN FUUUUU but sure, ok, I'll have some pudding - totally cracks me up.	also, he CAN be in many places at once. That's why he can win all the awards and still be sitting at home getting noogied by Thor
Honest question, what happens next? Does it grow back?	Yeop.  It'll grow back, but probably not in the exact same shape.
This dance gets all the bitches wet	Why you calling them hos bitches?
You mean Mountie? Lol	That too.  Originally from PA, and I grew up calling WV people hoopies.
Ditto - its not an 'eating cheese' but the mozzarella flavour works nicely on pizza. I find it works better used with a light touch rather than gobbed on. newlinechar There is a moments amusement for me putting bacon and vegan cheese on my pizza tho :p	Actually, I can eat handfulls of the cheddar and find it wonderful since I haven't had real cheese in so long.
A shot is 1.5oz of liquid. The more incorrect knowledge you were trying to spread.	depends on whether you're in the US or not. An American shot is 1.5 oz, a British shot is 1 oz, and I've got no idea what everyone else's shots are. 
D. All of the Above	hahahah
:O 	I second this sentiment. 
[Definitely!](http://www.lesspopmorefizz.com/img/Bees.gif)	[Bees?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5J2kc4oZTVU)
so its illegal to spank your kids? 	No
The simple fact that you worked there, yet are still willing to eat them, makes me feel more comfortable in buying them. 	Absolutely, they arent very healthy but their quality is top notch
According to the spoilers, [he didn't botch at all. Here's hoping it stays that way.](/spoiler)	He still has the stripper lighting, though
Asking for their jerseys? what a fucking tryhard. Seriously I have secondhand embarrassment imagining him watching the Genoa incident and going 'YEAH, WE NEED THAT SPIRIT'. ugh	Right?! Because I saw that shit and thought 'I'm so glad we don't do that in the Portland.'
Living with the folks, eh?	Yeah, what about things like rent, food, and utility bills?
Thought this was posted in r/Chicago, got excited when I saw the hookah, then realized it was posted here, heh. Nice view! I'm over on the Northside. 	upvote for the Chicago Moose population
sarcasm?	Nope.
As you're our resident feminist I was hoping for something a little more scathing than that. Too obvious?	Way too obvious. ;) newlinechar  newlinechar I'm onto you, Fauxmo. I know you're not as shitlordy as you pretend to be.
im 'fluffy' and white. possibly taste good as well but im not sure.	Thick boned sounds better. Now I feel bad I was mean. Sorry. :( However, I still never lied. 
yeah, i know, but that can seem strange to a lot of people, so i added the ironic silliness to counter my comment. seems odd, i know, to say rational things, but sometimes... well, actual thoughtful reality is good.	Indeed. Good tiding, fellow Canadian. Remember to feed your pet beaver. newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah, that's an in-joke I've been trying to spread on here.
Usually. Sometimes sending out weird text messages works. 	'Bro what you sayin tonite'
But all the cool kids watch Family Guy... I wanted to let them know I was cool too!	Well I was going to say that it (perhaps unfairly) weakens your statement in the eyes of many, but if you're doing it to be cool then by all means. 
No, I poured out some beer when we were *fully stocked!* newlinechar  newlinechar **EDIT FOR CLARIFICATION**: Into my mouth.	Niceee
It wasn't even so bad that it auto played.  It was that you couldn't stop the video and just read the story.  Not that I think it discounts the story but I really hate when websites do that to people. 	I paused it within 2 seconds. Did it give you a problem when you tried to stop the video?
They mail you one in the US when you register with the selective service	What? I never got one.
I just like your name.	I took the name from a band I like, I thought it'd be a good pvp name, but I rarely ended up in pvp. Also after playing a while I realized I made a typo with nickle, it should have been nickel.
Relevant username?	Should be 'ConsumeTheFetal' Amirite? AMIRITE?  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar FINE FUCK YOU GUYS I'M GOING TO GO ENJOY MY LAGGY DIABLO 3
I am. Thanks.	its on fruitridge near stockton blvd. $8 if you bring your own oil and filter, not sure how much it is if you let them use their own oil. I always bring a 10 and tip the dude $2.
probably just your basic tomato 	With a little pubic hair for zest.  
If I recognize you, you have some power. 	...do you recognize me?
me get that confused	its okay. i know a lot of redditors seem to skim the headlines.
The high from bath salts? Bath salts is just a blanket term for drugs that are in the grey or are barley legal. For the most part they are RC's. They can be sold for non human consumption, hence they sell them as baths salts. 	I feel like no one knows this and the media bullshit right now has people literally fucking trying to get high on bath salts. They are various quasi-legal research chemicals made in a chinese guy's bathtub. Stay away.
With tOSU? But we hold a 2-1 advantage!	We get you on point differential!
I have seen at least 4 posts with 'what the hell are these.' newlinechar  newlinechar Just want to get the info out there!	'I don't want your damn misprinted shirts! What am I supposed to do with these?!'
Confirmed, there were lots of police cops at a busy intersection during rush hour. 	I know that intersection! I pass by it every day!
Thanks! I just got them, I wanted to show them off :D Wow, what a girly girl thing to say.. ha	Girly is cute. You're making me glad it's summer. Glad it's short shorts weather.
http://i.imgur.com/gBhGG.jpg	Louis? When did you get bit? Did you take PCP? 
Thank you for making me laugh!	Anytime! But seriously.. I hope you get your car back. 
You should be mad at yourself for taking yourself so seriously. 	this is the INTP sub, nothing is serious here!
I guess that means you're always on top	hahah fuck yeah..+256000 points random redditor.
For a second I thought it was the Gold Bond in the background 	Think about that for a second. He has Gold Bond next to his computer. Gold Bond **Lotion** next to his computer.
Anything is possible with [Willow Tree](http://blmodding.wikidot.com/willowtree-tutorials)	HOLY SHIT!!! That's it!!! Thank you!!!
Is that one of the six? Thick-sticked?	I usually stick with the tried and true dick and c*ck.  But thick stick is in the roster.  As is ram rod.  
He was trying to stop you from pushing other people into a giant fan...	*PHWOOMP* That was a foot. I appear to have swallowed an entire person. 
Getting the same errors on RUGC Midwest's server. http://imgur.com/a/I10PL	that sure is some relevant chat going on there.
Actually no. 'What's his face' is the pre-scratch Sufferer, not the pre-scratch Karkat.	whoops newlinechar  newlinechar i'm an idiot
A MICROPHONE!	MY VOICE IS FUCKIN'!
'Every song I have ever *stolen*. Gone.' (FTFY)	Touch. 
They're like the Compys on Jurassic Park.  Brazen and relentless little suckers.	Whoa, you live too close to me for comfort. 
The front cop literally drifted onto the on ramp of the interstate, i followed  them to the interstate and they turned on the sirens as soon as they got on. They were speeding the whole way up to it too.	Confirmed, Thanks Cody!
I assume he means Tuley-Tillman.  If not, Ricos is an asshole.	Whoa, no way am I defending this assholes actions. I am absolutely defending tuley.
Nobody?  Check out Facebook.	touch newlinechar 
Somebody saw Avengers	Shoot. I did. But I also thought I made this up myself. Was this really from there? The things my brain pick up.
Which is why meat lovers pizzas cost extra. 	[WAIT A MINUTE THOSE WEREN'T TOPPINGS!](http://i.imgur.com/fOUSn.jpg)
Nathan is actually a redditor I believe. 	On facebook, search and join 'organic bass wobble '
&gt; Their arguments are based on the premise that there will never be any more pies newlinechar  newlinechar I'm misreading this somehow.	Ah, okay, double negative, I didn't catch that at first.  You are right about what I said. newlinechar  newlinechar Semantics aside, I stand firm in my assertion that Leftists see the wealth in our society as a finite resource that is shared unequally.  The 99% and such.
Atheists do their proselytizing via douchey facebook comments.	They're that annoying fat kid that wont shutup about 4chan and calls everyone a newfag, but does not realize if you were not patient with them they'd have no one to talk to.
only because of obama	I think it's actually because of the *Benches Can Suck It Act* of 1891.
S'all good. I know that feel bro.CR2 (just for you). :)	Don't sweat it guys.RW2
Is he still killing people?	He's in prison. Yoko Ono does her best to keep him there every time he has a parole hearing.
50 is the new 30.	Maybe in mind and spirit but not body.
Welcome to band, if you say we aren't a sport, FUCK YOU!	My HS band was held higher than any sport in the school...but it helps when you have 7 national championships...lol
took me a minute..but dude. 	What do you call a baby with a broken jaw? newlinechar  newlinechar Best blowjob ever.
Boxer briefs are the best.	The freedom of boxers and the support of briefs. AMAZING. 
No no no, hunters are generally very helpful people.	See? Now I feel bad for thinking bad of the hunter.
It sounds like a fucking monsoon is what you're trying to say.	Having been in a heavy rain storm, sounds about the same.  newlinechar  newlinechar SSSHSSHSHSHSHHSHSSHHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHHSHHSHSHSHS
I would call them cunts, but they have neither warmth nor depth.	Anyone know the origin of that phrase? Sounds like something Tyrion Lannister would say.
Could you possibly extrapolate on this idea? It's a very interesting one. newlinechar  newlinechar Also protip: 'fianc' is spelled with an acute accent, not a grave accent.	Wow. Went to french immersion and never thought about what the accents were called in English.
Man, Noah Bradley's basic lands look pretty awesome. I only wish there were more of them. (It seems like a strange mix of old/new basics to me. Anyone else feel the same?)	They are a mix of new/old lands.
I just read an article saying that it's the older generation that is actually more entitled. They had it much easier financially, fucked things over for us, and think we're being entitled when we complain about it.	Which is why I and many others are waiting for Baby-Boomers to die off.
Ever destroy documents to cover up something shady/unethical/illegal?	Yes. I, personally have done unethical things. I will be a little more specific. I've had my employees deny refunds to pad bottom lines. It hurts. It also doesn't require shredding documents. There would never be any proof of things like this. That's just one example
Beat you to it. Tequila shots all around	Shots are for college girls. Drink doubles or higher. I would know, I'm a drunk.
I love how he thinks this guy is actually asking reddit in R/funny for advice on this 2 hrs before an interview. 	Seriously. I can't even imagine how hard a sleeper you would need to be for someone to get that around you neck, then turn the key and take it out before you could wake up enough to defend yourself. That's not a 'click in' lock, this did not happen. 
You sir are a gentleman and a saint. May you unbox an unusual. Thanks very much!	Any time, my friend.
The one getting fucked is Carla Cox, but who's the other girl?	[Abby from X-Art](http://x-art.com/models/abby/)
I just found my new favorite subreddit	I like having it amongst my subreddits.  It's a nice break from all the politics and atheism posts that get to the front page
So pissed that I would go out and buy another yacht.	keep it simple, only an 80 footer.
[](/b18)All the time..... newlinechar  newlinechar &amp;nbsp; newlinechar  newlinechar &amp;nbsp; newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar &amp;nbsp; newlinechar  newlinechar &amp;nbsp; newlinechar  newlinechar *Headsout the street to find J and begin jaywalking*	[](/c10) That may have been the greatest pun ever!
Ha, we did the same thing. I fondly remember the librarian taking the book 'What's happening to my body' out of my friends book-bag, while he frantically explained he didn't take it, or need it. 	Plus, whenever someone's getting hassled by the librarian, kids are usually looking to see what's happening, only to see the book.  Haha, classic.
Are there more of your kind out there? Out*side*...?	It isn't worth it. It's dangerous out there.
I approve of all these other fandoms (though I've only watched the first ep of Firefly so far) c:	Oh, I'm jealous! You're going to have so much fun! But that's all I'll say now, because 'Spoilers!' (I cross my fandoms a lot. It amuses me.)
Whoever made this list was a dickhead for not bolding the dates.  Impossible to read.	I totally agree. I had the same issue... 
Seems legit.	You heard it here folks!
It's bad for you? What?	Yeah, man. The speed you're sneezing at travels at 100 mph. Holding that shit in can do damage to your eardrums causing the pressure of the sneeze to potentially give ear infection, rupture your hearing, or even hearing lose all together. newlinechar  newlinechar Like I said, just sneeze.
Actually, just using !! in general. It acts as a normal bash variable, so if you end up doing 'im file.conf', you can just do 'v!!' and it will interpret that as 'vim file.conf'.	interesting, have to keep it in mind.  Thanks!
How about [dancing Hitler](http://theuglydance.com/?v=bthgvhqdnu)?	the scrolling hitlers in the background after a minute did it for me.
The US is the same though.  In fact, we'd be lucky if an issue like this woke up enough people to be considered 'massive'.  Sheeple.	On the contrary, gay marriage is doing a great job at people keeping asleep ATM.
exactly. the zombies will be just ordinary, attention-seeking dumbasses eating other people.	The next step after reality tv. 
We're a pretty good state, just not much tourist things or huge news come out of Oregon to make it a constant topic.	Well, we've got Ashland, and OSF, Crater Lake, the Oregon Ducks, and the infamous Portlandia. I don't know how big a deal Seaside is, but there's that. :) 
And add a cookie that remember when I turn the music off! :D	Technically, since this is a Flash game on Kongregate, it wouldn't use a traditional cookie, but a Flash local storage file. The More You Know^TM
I like all of it! Though you are completely correct; the *History* channel should be about history, and The *Learning* Channel should be about learning.	I agree with you. Please bring back 2 hour programs about the First Battle of the Marusian Lakes and the logistical problems Alexander encountered in Persia. Those were the salad days.
&gt; but if the driver is present then trying  to flee the scene is just plain stupid. newlinechar  newlinechar You give too much credit to the human race. 	'There won't be humans in 500 years. Enough people choke themselves when they jerk off we gave it a name. We ain't a species made to last.'
Wake up?  It's 11:30 here.  Why would I be asleep?	Wake up? It's 12:30 here. Why would I be asleep?
I cannot believe they pull the swing stage up by hand. With all of the OSHA and Union rules up there you would think their equipment would be more up to date.	[OSHA's feelings on modern equipment.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2A_h2AjJaMw&amp;t=2m20s)  
The North Korea of girls.	*You have been banned from posting in /r/pyongyang*
That's not 'ape tit!' That's 'a petit'... never mind!	It's a... Oversized novelty hat... Ha ha... It's funny. 
Well it should've considering she was your younger sister.	Yeah, 'what do you mean, little brother? I'm older than you, sis!'
Not bad. Need a few veggies though, dickbag. Also, may want to try almonds. Blue diamonds sell them in a ton of flavors.	Thought you were being a jerk then read the OP's name. Up vote earned. 
...That's still three times a day. 	Still probably too much 
[Relevant](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EhwXVDi496E) [1:43]	Need more material for future fap sessions.
I think that would help in the future. The crust was just very bland when I made it this time.	I recommend a pizza crust where the only ingredients are yeast, flour, salt, water, and oil.  If you look up the 'old dough' method (where you refrigerate the dough for up to 2-3 days), that produces a really flavourful crust.  
What did you expect, it's Trapped_in_Reddit.	I would have expected more offensive jokes from Trapped_in_4chan
Too much even for the guy that takes his cock 3 at a time.	pedophile's are fucking immature assholes.
it leaked like 5 years ago.	damn i feel old
What about TRUE, FALSE, and UNKNOWN? Like in SQL.	The true false thing comes from a comparison against zero, wouldn't HIGHER, LOWER and EQUAL be better choices?
:-D	Hhahaha my friend worked there, he said that it was pretty nice hehe! newlinechar 
People in the r/trees subreddit rate themselves from a [1] to a [10] to describe how high they are while posting or how high they were in a story.	Fascinating
It's so nice to not hear: 'OH MY GAWD, OH MY GAAWD, OH MY.. OH MY GAAAAAAWD'	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QeHlF_cXVCY
Do you have a link to the picture?	[Here ya go!](http://imgur.com/zdd3X) newlinechar  newlinechar We all look a little creepy.
Cute! I like the skirt. Is it gathered?	Yep! It originally wasn't, but I made it that way
This made me smile. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Still smiling, even with the downvotes. *shrug*	I don't know why you're getting downvoted...but here's my upvote.
East coast USA is expensive.$20 a G $60 an eight, $110 a quarter, $200 a half, $380 an O.	tell me about it, 20 a g 65-70 an eight, 120 a quarter, 220 for a half and the O's keep changing..
Me too, I was wondering why it looked warped... the waves look so weird.	I thought it was because the window was bending under some force. And furthermore nobody's going to take the time to CGI something like that.
S'GOOOO!!	'This guy gets it!'
Lennon never said that!	I know he didn't say that, he said 'The.'
[](/cheerilee)They're so adorable together.	[](/ajsly) Don't be fooled by the picture thought. We went for pizza later and she ran out on the bill.
Really? Howland Reed is James Doakes?	Correct, motherfucker. And I insist that Eric King come to play him when the show gets that far in.
&gt;Those with an intact foreskin claim it is a major contributor of sexual enjoyment. newlinechar  newlinechar I've heard this a lot. What exactly are they comparing to? 	Huh? I think you're confused. People with foreskins get a lot of pleasure from it. Same way that you don't need to cut your dick off for comparison to know that your penis gives you sexual enjoyment.
Trying to protect more idiots from their own imagined idiocy.  HFCS is sugar, actually a syrup mixture of two sugars, calling it corn sugar is completely accurate.	&gt;actually a syrup mixture  newlinechar  newlinechar calling it corn syrup is a little more accurate.
Newt Gingrich	One of the early Republican presidential candidates who dropped out a month or so ago.
1199 elo brb going to win a game	1215 added you in game
its a reference to how they call leonards gang hipsters because they all have artificial hips.	Oh, I know! Upvoted it too. Mine was a reference to season one where Leonard was in the pool without swimming trunks.
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh newlinechar  newlinechar he dosent look at all like i pictured him in my minds eye newlinechar  newlinechar but i like him a lot too newlinechar  newlinechar if they get together i will squish 	That's him in season two. In season one he looks [more like this](http://www.wordofthenerdonline.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/Jaime-Lannister-house-lannister-24542414-1638-1092.jpg). 
So gay	I have no idea what happened here, but i have a feeling that it is less interesting than what it seems to be.
Verizon Wireless is not Verizon Communications. Verizon Communications is not so bad, the services they provide are priced reasonably.	And they don't cap their FiOS users like Comcast does with its cable services. 
Would short out his robotic limbs. All four of them. Someone who's mostly cyborg shouldn't play around with extensive electricity.	Ah. Fair point, didn't think of that.
I had never driven in Houston until about 2 years ago and assumed this was always hyperbole... newlinechar  newlinechar Nope. Houstonians are fucking insane drivers.	driven in both places for extended periods of time, I agree, Houston drivers are the worst.
Typically people do a set, rest, and do another set of the same exercise. Once they are done with all their sets they will move onto the next exercise.	Thanks, that made the most sense to me but I had to ask.
there was a taboo against bathing when you have your period?!	I had never, ever heard that before watching this video. And avoiding really hot or cold showers? Wut?
i will also confirm the correctitude of this post.	affirmatized by me as well.
Absolutely. Nolan's Batman is heightened reality- no full-blown science fiction. 	So what's with the fucking ***flying*** car?
Freedom of speech means that not only do *they* have the right to spew that garbage and try to rile up their hateful group, but also, *you* have the right to tell everyone what bigots they are being, and encourage the rest of us to oppose them.  	When you contemplate it, it's such a beautiful idea. But it goes the same for both sides. Hence: war. I will fight for equal rights, and if 'they' want to spew their shit, they're getting it back, 10 fold.
	I know.
Well we can't just cede them to New York.	Yeah, like a bad divorce, we want them so NY doesn't get them. newlinechar  newlinechar Besides, the least of us is still better than the best of them.
[Damn](http://www.nooooooooooooooo.com/)	Haha, thanks for that! Hope you don't mind, but I will be using this in just about every applicable comment I make now.
Your example makes no sense at all.	Touche. I just had corn on the mind.
Pretty sure both sides have some dinosaurs to play.	Just tried it, looks like they added 1 dino to the allies. Also, at the time I was trying there were a grand total of 6 people playing this game (myself included).
[False.](http://sleepingprophet.org/) Edgar Cayce was the 'Sleeping Prophet.' 	I didn't say he WAS the sleeping prophet, I said he is referred to as such by some people. Without doubt Edgar Cayce is THE sleeping prophet.
I'm so glad someone realized this!	Yeah! were the only 3 people who watch workaholics i guess, we should start some club or something
Gotcha. Why is it our city bureaucracies are even more fucked up than in other cities?	Only because we are aware of our own backyards. Honestly we've (me and hubs) been looking to move to other cities and it's all the same, just different names. 
Hey buddy, I respect the media. It was a joke, OK? 	You really hurt me to the core.  :-)
No idea who they were or why they did this, apparently they were following my friend, Jarred, the previous week. They pulled up and for no reason fucking maced us. He has no idea why. Just a random thing I suppose.	I was just about to suggest that you should have gotten the license plate number of the car as they drive off. Then I facepalmed and realized that this might be a little challenging with a faceful of bear mace. 
All jokes aside, I spent the last 10mins clicking on links trying to find the fucking end of that.	I was about to do that, did you get to the end?
I've heard it as 'vegetarian', same idea.  newlinechar  newlinechar I've edited the main post for clarity, thanks.	No worries, I've actually got no idea. I knew what you meant, just couldn't resist a lighthearted response in such a straightfaced sub.  Best of luck to finding out! I'm not sure I would want to know...
Not really though... because none of these things are worn for fashion reasons.  I personally wear glasses/contacts at all times and will sometimes choose to wear my glasses rather than my contacts in a certain situation because I like the way they look.  	You never wore glasses in elementary school, did you?
Yes. Lots of poor college kids rolling their own these days.	They don't have to be poor, they could just be trying to save some cash man
\#15.	What? You don't dig the camo shorts?
It's okay guys. she is older than it seens.  newlinechar http://album.blog.yam.com/show.php?a=cosplay7260&amp;f=9367984&amp;i=21012494&amp;p=2	good.  newlinechar  newlinechar *whips penis back out*
I don't wish to be obsessive about grammar, but it's rather amusing that your comment has a punctuation error in it.	It's fine: he knows the material.
Some young people did, but not too many. Also the guys that spoke it tried to rob us...(kinda long story).	So far you've made Vietnamese people sound pretty awful. :/
nice writing	dat storytellin'
The hell? People do this? Smoking spice can't be good for you.	Spice seriously fucks with you. I won't touch the stuff. Plus, if you have good old MJ, there's no reason you should ever have to.
I hope you tipped the wo/man well.... because s/he is a true gentle[ent].... or something.	I've never seen such a gender sensitive comment in my life.
There's a hidden one in there too. The fact that the teller can differentiate horse semen from other semen.	For those counting: newlinechar  newlinechar Guy tasted horse semen. newlinechar  newlinechar Guy eating out dead grandma. newlinechar  newlinechar Grandma was into bestiality. newlinechar  newlinechar Grandma died from a horse cock. newlinechar  newlinechar Guy can tell the difference between types of semen.
*and lesbian Supernatural fans.	Touche. My mistake 
That's not very brave	3/10, would not brave.
Someone has been sent out to get them, but they may not make it to the club in time for their set. 	brutal
I dont even bother logging on anymore if my premade isnt on (organized via irc)..	If I log on and none of my friends want to play, I just play a different game. It's incredible how different the game feels when playing with even one friend. Even winning when playing solo is often boring.
Wow relevant user name	http://assets2.medhelp.org/adam/graphics/images/en/19599.jpg
I respectfully disagree that Moore is once-in-a-generation. A great writer, to be certain, but he's not a god. Same goes for Frank Miller. I think they both started believing their own press, and went a bit batshit insane.	Have you read anything by Moore after Watchmen? His writing is of a constant and reliable quality. His ABC work is astounding. Lost Girls, the most recent of his work I've read (2006 I think), was great. newlinechar  newlinechar Frank Miller made All-Star Batman in 2005.
just following the money. smart man	Got outta the ghetto, made tons of money, makes movies for kids, what an asshole
He pretends to so it isn't weird to his friends. Data is a good friend.	GoodGuyData.jpeg newlinechar 
She appears to be a troll.	I wish I could agree. I just... can't.
bestkits.com is your friend. metraonline.com tells you this info + speaker sizes and mountind depth also.	metra is okay but their instructions might as well be in chinese. 
O_- newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY	o_( ) newlinechar FTFY
yea, he did it for alot of shows at the endings while on the meowingtons hax tour	Too bad he didn't do it at the show in Phoenix :(
nah, t'wasn't truth serum.  One of the weirdest parts was that my mom said I was doing weird things with my hands.  They were handsigns from Naruto.	LOL I had a friend that got SUPER wasted one night and started walking down the street doing Naruto Jutsus... &gt;_&lt; it was the funniest thing ever
They had 3 sons. Seth was the third. Also, the same incestuous shit happened after the Deluge when only Noah and his family survived.	Brazzers
Yes!! newlinechar  newlinechar &lt;shameless plug&gt; I did a [tutorial](http://kyotisnails.wordpress.com/2012/05/31/notd-feelin-peachy/) on how to do it on my blog, I'm super happy with how it turned out :-) &lt;/shameless plug&gt;	I have the biggest nail crush on you, Kyoti. 
to that point i bet you don't know what tibbers actually mean newlinechar  newlinechar [Definition of tibbers](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=tibbers)	well that makes sense, since she is clearly too young for her tibbers to be visible
Yes, and if you have the special yellow edition and Pokemon yellow, I suggest you immediately head to Cheat Code Central or wherever the kids get their cheats these days and unlock it!	Or Pokemon Stadium, and unlock it legitimately...
2/10 troll harder	Don't encourage him!
I thought he was holding a pee cup at first, a very common problem I deal with. =/	Drug tester, eh? 
yea sure .. I mean anybody could claim to be somebody else's brother to get points on the internet ..	okay let me just wait until my brother gets home. 
Cept maybe the lady who would be sucking said dick.	She'll eat the pizza-dick, but not the dick-pizza.
&gt; I fired a pistol once in self-defense several years before these muggings so it is not like I am afraid to shoot if I feel I have to. newlinechar  newlinechar Story?	Yes, I would too like to hear it
Also, Dude didn't look on the edge of the coin... It's there sadly.	thats what i said 
I like you. 	You are a pretty ~~judgmental~~ cool ~~cunt~~ guy yourself.
There's certainly 'al mah lismoch' in this, since they need it for work, and (as frum Jews) they're obviously using a super-strength, impenetrable filter already :P	&gt;they're obviously using a super-strength, impenetrable filter already :P newlinechar  newlinechar As a security guy who has done pretty extensive research on filters,I also :P'd at that.
Psst... Steam app on your phone. You can buy and install games you will never play from anywhere in the world 	I've fallen into the trap of buying games that are on sale knowing I don't have time to play them, but I can't pass up buying a $10 game for $2, I just can't
Ditto, now if it was **black** **licorice...** raisins.jpg	Black licorice is just about the worst flavour of anything that is considered food.
SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS	TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
You're probably right, but as to why you can't have one: That's the answer. DOT is pretty strict on what can stick out of a helmet.	What if they were made of flimsy foam that was stable enough to not wobble in the wind?!
Lyk dis if u cry evertim	1 like= 1 less babby that gets googley eyed...... please think of the babbys
dot tumbler dot com	xkcd?
Nobody's gotten a handjob in cargo shorts since 'Nam	Teach me, oh master.
Immediately, but we realized with no one upstairs it was a non-issue and cranked it ( CCR, no joke). newlinechar 	Nice!!
I've gotten perfectly fine grease from packaged bacon. This sounds kind of like unnecessary snobbery.	And I've ruined entire batches with packaged stuff. Keep in mind, the above recipe calls for grease to be mixed in with the pasta. The bacon itself tastes just fine. newlinechar  newlinechar **EDIT**: I just double-checked and it turns out my crappy grease came from low-sodium bacon. Sorry!
This joke would be mildly better in reverse.	.meht ees nac yeht oS ?skcid llams evah snaisa od yhW  newlinechar  newlinechar Like this?
Can you recommend a title by you with a good doggy style scene? I would like to buy it as a thank you for you doing this ama =)	That's so nice of you.  Red Hot Fireman C*ck has some good doggystyle, but Cougar Loves Doctor C*ck is probably the best quickie and it's free.  
I hate this aspect of the game so much. A slow zombie will pull a backswing, I run 10yards away before he swings down. Bam, still hurts me.	MMO developers! But these spiders are something different. If they are summoned they get 1 free hit on you, they never have to come close to you.
In fact, once I start listening to a Manowar album, I must listen to **all** the Manowar albums except Fighting the World, which contains 'Blow your speakers.' newlinechar  newlinechar 	Once I start listening to Fighting the World, which contains 'Blow your speakers', I might listen to every single Manowar album, but the certainty of that is not as great as when I do not listen to Fighting the World, which contains 'Blow your speakers', as the starting album. 
Ivy, Taki, and Lizardman.	I stopped using lizard man after my cousins threw a bitchfit for excessive crawling. xD
They love you *if* you are a bad boy.  newlinechar  newlinechar They love Iverson. They hate McNabb.	BDawks is not a bad boy and he is probably the most loved in the city. 
1 month old please. 	touch
Dry firing protip, don't pull the slide all the way back.  A quarter inch to half inch is enough to reset the trigger.	Smart.
wow, long time since ive seen anything runescape related... i remember the old 2d days... good times... 	Shit, i wish i was 12 again, i was too poor to get membership, oh the not going outside that would happen.
To be honest, I hate the LUUUU cheer. Half the time I wonder if Luongo can even tell if we're cheering him or mocking him. Hopefully it doesn't catch on in Toronto if he ends up going there, the guy hasn't received a proper cheer in years.	It makes me laugh because loo is British slang for toilet. newlinechar  newlinechar No offence.
Sorry, shitty webcam pic.	They're Sho cute!! :D
I'm just curious why they chose 34%. Did they explain that? Why not just 30% or 40%? Didn't make sense to me.	There were 3.4 million likes on facebook.  3.4 likes --&gt; 34%
Yet it hits the front page of reddit. newlinechar  newlinechar LOL.	There's also a gif of crash bandicoot dancing on the front page of reddit. Clearly such a space is a significant honour reserved only for important and interesting meditations on the human condition.
Movie??	Yep.
Sounds like your friends are holding you back.	Meh. I'm fit enough. It's my friends I would like to help out.
I think that the friend zone exists, it just only exists under very specific circumstances that a lot of guys like to believe that they're in when they're not.	Furthermore, guys who know they're in a true friendzone typically have no trouble walking out of it.
GOD DAMMIT EVERYONE IS TAKING REDDIT TOO SERIOUSLY! EVERYONE SHOULD STAY FUCKING CALM LIKE ME AND DANCHAN22!!!!	This is the day that I realize this website is not for me.... They are literally arguing about fake Internet points.
I know; I meant: are there any mares he finds attractive despite his sexuality?	Berry Punch I'm sure!
she really Burned out on that one huh?	Oh its so bad, but so good. Upvote.
[Also, here's one I think both Male and Female fans can agree on.](http://i.imgur.com/esPRn.jpg)	he can save me perdition any day!
Count me in!	Fuck. I like fire too but my name doesn't have pyro in it. Now I have to go laugh at funerals.
Can you successfully tie a knot in a cherry stem using nothing but your left thumb and an ice pick?	I can using my tongue... (O.o)
What about really tacky fabric?	I think they would either dye it, use it as a lining, embroider it or make it into an ironic feature garment.  newlinechar  newlinechar It would start out tacky, but it would end up fabulous!
Where did you buy it before?	There were state run and operated liquor stores around washington state. They had a good selection, but inconvienient hours for the most part. A recent vote is allowing liquor sales at public stores now. 
Also, your screen name made me lol.	made me laugh too
You wouldn't believe how many bankers I've met that love Star Trek. Star Trek and booze. Bar's in regions that are metropolitan but not pretentious is probably the best answer I can give you. This is kind of a weird question	Thanks. newlinechar  newlinechar Hey man..I'd love to go to an ivy league school and join the Lacross team but that's not happening. I'm not a WASP nor do I have any family connections.  newlinechar  newlinechar WWYD? 
Also... newlinechar  newlinechar * ~~alien like~~ --&gt; *alien-like* newlinechar * ~~everyones~~ --&gt; *everyone's* newlinechar * ~~everyday~~ --&gt; *every day* newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar God help you, OP.	I, too, noticed the other ones but they're sort of forgivable because we're on the internets and all. 'Trys' is not at all acceptable. That's just not right, man. Fuck! FUCK!
From 3am to 5am to 6am to 8am. newlinechar  newlinechar Who's up for betting that it'll get extended to 10am as well?	I wouldn't bet against it. In fact, I'd be shocked if they didn't do that.
Baj's temple looks fucking bad ass in that.	[It looks more badass at night.](http://mindcrack.altervista.org/images/locations/bajtemple_night.jpg)
in their defense, Radiohead composed 'Creep' to be a parody of grunge music.	A lot of band's biggest hits are the songs that the band themselves hate the most. I think the most famous instance of this is Smells Like Teen Spirit.
If you're a - newlinechar  newlinechar Guy: ...Thanks, dude. newlinechar  newlinechar Girl: Hey, thanks :)	i'm a girl newlinechar  newlinechar Hi, you're welcome c:
It may be by today's standards but RayJay holds about 65k and it has gotten two Super Bowls.	thats because it is in florida.
depends on whether you're in the US or not. An American shot is 1.5 oz, a British shot is 1 oz, and I've got no idea what everyone else's shots are. 	Fair enough, that was Amerocentric of me.
I don't think I get it.	In order to save like half a cent of plastic, the designers of the fork removed a bunch of material from the center of the handle, probably making the fork slightly more difficult to manufacture.
I would imagine them benig random mumbling, which would be pretty hilarious. newlinechar  newlinechar 'hrrngablerg? hmmblembur.' newlinechar  newlinechar 'aarrblamamem. Hurnamurbadur.'	'HUEHUEHUEHUEHUE'
Am I the only one who doesn't have a Tumblr account these days?	I don't have one either.
[Here you go!](http://i.imgur.com/R96YS.png)	thank you for using black text on black background haha
no, not if you're a dude. I don't look at dudes. 	well this response was unexpectedly hilarious. 
Will believe it when I see it, which will be after the SC playoffs. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm more intrigued on what the return would be. If it's something like Komsiarek/Connolly, MacA/Franson, and a pick/prospect (Kadri, Colbourne), I'd be okay with that if we get Luongo and a pick/prospect. 	Komi/Connolly for Luongo? are you high?
'Turbos'? As in *two*?	They are twin turbo, mate. newlinechar First one comes in at about 1500 revs, great for around town. And the second one comes in at about 4500 revs like a big kick in the face.
I missed. :(	Someone farted in here! Roll down the window
(For us English aristocrats, I leave you this 15 mph -&gt; 40320.0 Furlongs/Fortnight) - Pip pip cheerio chaps!	That won't eat up too many teacups of petrol.
My school would have killed me if i did something like that too mine. They're so strict on graduation attire being so standard.	For me, that would've been grounds for not getting to participate in the ceremony. Get all the way there and they'd turn you away. Graduation would be so much better if they allowed things like this. newlinechar  newlinechar And: Congratulations, OP!
[she's legal](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AnnaSophia_Robb)	This movie's a few years old.
Now can somebody wipe this herring juice off of me?	You don't want my juice? 
Free money from Uncle Sam for your presidential campaign.	Oooh! This is going to be a fun election year then!
http://i.imgur.com/ZoZ2j.gif	NOPE!
Yep. I'm pretty sure a genuine sob slipped out.  Heartbreaking.	I pretty much called my boyfriend after that and cried to him. He was the one who got me watching the show. 
No	Can I? I'll bring liquor.
I know about the plains part. It was just really stupidly funny. I thought both were intentional somehow. 	In my defense, that face looks at me with scornful eyes, whispering all the mistakes I've ever made, so it's hard to take it any other way when you use it! newlinechar  newlinechar  [](/b31) 
 newlinechar  newlinechar Let me know if you don't get it.	Did some translation to pinyin and the most I've gotten is something like the rabbit is white and so is its dad?  Care to explain?
I heard she gets around. 	Fucking whore...
At that point, they've probably released a scandal and had to declare insolvency or something. newlinechar  newlinechar Like what happened with Enron. I'm sure you can still get some stock at $.01. newlinechar  newlinechar You want to buy when cheap but there are reasons for REALLY cheap prices.	Porbably on the pink sheets with wamu. 
Plus, whenever someone's getting hassled by the librarian, kids are usually looking to see what's happening, only to see the book.  Haha, classic.	The best part was that she made him check it out. I still remember him looking at us mouthing 'fuck you' over and over at us. 
USERS give free games publicity, exposure, playability, etc. Invaluable things that only we can give them. We give them time, my friend. Its not horrible of us to expect something in return.	We do get something in return.  We get a free game that is updated every two weeks with new content.
I have been lurking over there and the smell of die-hard NA guys has been overwhelming lately. If it weren't for you and a few others that aren't afraid to stand up and oppose the disease model of addiction it would be an unbearable place. Thank you.	Indoctrination sure is a bitch, isn't it?
ehhhh i dont think thats right.	There is hope for you.
If I had a nickle for every metal related pun thread I would have like 30 cents	I could zinc of a better pun than that.
Why not? it's just a corporation, it's not like it can be offended or anything?	It makes you look like a 14 year old. From 1995. 
Nice job! What material did you use? 	Craft foam, metallic paint, and lots and lots of Elmer's glue.
Looks like an increasing hit on the US $$ domination of international trade, and lower US profits based off that trade. If fewer countries are buying fewer $US, I wonder how much value it is going to lose over the next few years.	Doubtful.  The only reason I would suspect this to be the case would be if use of the yuan and yen in bilateral trade and investment rises dramatically-- that remains unlikely. 
That's so sad. I'm going to invite that one kid who has autism to the movies with me and my friends next week.  newlinechar  newlinechar And in case anyone's wondering, that wasn't a joke... 	My friends and me*
I have the same problem sometimes. The conversation starts really forced on my part. 	How so?
You seem like you know about computers. Could you or others on reddit help me build a new rig or find a decent preassembled one?  Is there a subreddit for something like this?	A whole sub just for such an occasion.  newlinechar  newlinechar [http://www.reddit.com/r/buildapc](http://www.reddit.com/r/buildapc)
Isn't Araya a devout Christian?	Yuuuup, hella christian. 
Ha, beat me at Tetris. Thats cute.	Now I kinda want to play against you someday. I would win, naturally. But I'd love to see how your game is.
Well he did marry, and therefore, fucked his cousin. newlinechar  newlinechar Go figure.	Your commas are kind of strange, shouldn't it be newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Well he did marry, and therefore fuck, his cousin.
I'm seeing a guy compare the OP to Mark Twain. Mark. Twain. I mean come on that's just sad. 	hahahaha what the fuck?
I instantly saw that as a reference to a previous thread too. I'm going to go lie down.	Haha, me too. Let's go outside...together!
D cup.  I don't get waterfalls either.  But sometimes the water will flow off my nipples in tiny streams and it makes me feel like a fountain.  	I'm a C cup, and I only get a waterfall effect if I squish them together.
[](/c10) That may have been the greatest pun ever!	[](/flutterwink)If you say so... But you do realize that after jaywalking we have to engage in.... other [actives.](http://everfreeradio.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/JellyPony.png) that begin with the letter J.... newlinechar  newlinechar 
Diving !?! newlinechar  newlinechar Christ ! It *is* just like soccer. 	They start off...Young
Is SWC actually making money though? It doesn't look like that. To me, it doesn't even look like he's trying to make money.	He has taken on commissions it appears from linking to his website; however, this is like 1 in 10/20 posts he does.  I don't consider this spam.    
People, don't downvote just because you dislike fox news.	I have actually looked into this topic for my inlaws.  newlinechar  newlinechar As far as I can tell, fox has no interest in streaming their regular broadcast. They do a significant amount of videos and live feeds from their main website.  newlinechar  newlinechar 
Not today though	I'll watch this again tomorrow. 
Tons? This is news to me. I better start making some rules and stuff.	Can we have ice cream on Fridays?
Exactly, what's to understand besides 'I have something gestating in me and I want it out. Once I have an abortion it won't be there anymore'	^It's ^really ^very ^simple: newlinechar  newlinechar **If you don't like abortion, don't get one.**
Got 3 years left bro Im dying here haha	4 here, we will have to have a victory toke
As a smoker, I see the sin tax/ban on big gulps as...welcome to what I've been dealing with for the last 10 years. newlinechar  newlinechar it's dumb as shit	Why the downvotes?  Because this is a *very* similar issue.  People not being allowed to have the products they want/be charged extra for them/limit quantities arbitrarily.
I guess that's true. Seeing how in my experience, most of the 'army wives' I know of don't have jobs. Even if they don't have kids.	It's hard to build a career when you move every two years.
Breakinger news: some people's beliefs and opinions are based on Koch brothers/Fox News nonsense and need to take that bullshit some place where people are less informed.	&gt;take that bullshit some place where people are less informed. newlinechar  newlinechar Reddit sounds perfect.
[I am not a proud man.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SHHHHHEEEEEEEEIIIITT/)	There needs to be more! newlinechar 
Who Are you who is so knowledgeable in the ways of science?	Came for the Holy Grail reference. Was not disappointed. 10/10. Would read again.
Yes, every man OVERstates his penis size.	Nah I'm hung like a moose. 13 inches. You can *trust* me, I'm from the internet
http://i.imgur.com/Nxy3c.png newlinechar  newlinechar Fucking brilliance. I love you.  newlinechar  newlinechar 	buttwhole
Sheeeiiit i a'int even know.	Jimmies will be rustled 
Similar, while all my friends were crushing on Topanga from Boy Meets World, I was crushing on Shawn Hunter.	Lol! Yup, same here.  newlinechar  newlinechar Do you remember Sasha Mitchell? He played Cody on the show 'Step by Step'. Huge thing for him. 
Reminds me of this.. newlinechar http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URSRa8zf_LU	Hahahaha I have many Scottish friends who completely fit this.  newlinechar 'Oh you're from Scotland? Cool, me too! Wait...ABERDEEN?! FUCK YOU YA BLOODY CUNT!'  newlinechar 
Sorta the same thing: I dreamed every level of COD6 a month before I got it.... It wasn't completely accurate, but very close. 	You could say the level design was ... predictable. 
Yeah, they're not for the faint of heart. I have a lot of trouble convincing any of my friends to go on with me.	I still go on it because hey, I'm a grown man, but it scares me leaps and bounds beyond what anything else in the parks do.
Jon 'the drunk' Jones	I prefer Jon 'Pole' Jones.  A play off of [this guy](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Paul_Jones)  (for the foreigners here or people who don't remember Middle school history class.)
Damn, backup, that was friggin' dark. newlinechar  newlinechar [](/rdsad 'Brings a tear to my eye')	You could say it was, dark knight.
xhamster now does html5 on the main site if you surf there from an iPad or iPhone. Happened a few months back.   	Holy crap that's awesome. I'll have to tell the wife
I believe the OP would like to donate $25 to [Our Common Ground](http://www.ocgworks.org/) in exchange for a CS: GO Beta key.	WHOOPS! thanks Sir_Paul. newlinechar  newlinechar Awake for 36 Hours will make you forget to add basic information. I am sorry.  newlinechar 
To feel the tone in your feet.	But...what muscle does that work?
Total 4chan repost, just for the record. Just felt it relevant.	the 4chan post being an exaggeration of an actual conservative email forward
Yea the Canadian viewers rating would be the highest, but i love seeing how much of a hockey town buffalo is	I'm guessing most Canadians watch it on CBC... Do they?
This routine seems like way too much for new lifter. You usually see guys who have been lifting for quite some time doing splits like this.	So how should I reduce it? Just stick to SS for a few months? Cut out a few lifts? 
EVERYBODY PICNIC! newlinechar (go outside, enjoy a beer and samiches with friends)	'Out...side'? 'Friends'? Speak English, man!
Except to those who don't understand, we are. Someone I forgot said: Any advanced science is indistinguishable from magic. 	It was Arthur C. Clarke and the line is, 'Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.'   newlinechar https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clarke%27s_three_laws
How did you know about the firemen secret?	Dammit what's the firemen secret?!?!?
I only hear it in the voice of clay davis	I take any muthafuckas money they given it away. Sheeeiiitt.
It's probably a reference to hyperdictatorial regimes like North Korea that make wild and boastful claims about their leaders.	Yeah, I agree. It's more of a satire than an outright joke.
You say that like it's a bad thing.  The ability to categorize is a symptom of a special kind of intelligence almost unique to our species.  	Absolutely.  But, sometimes the magic works, and sometimes it doesn't.
Proper education? I've got my hopes set too high, don't I? :\	The placebo effect works even on those who understand it completely. 
When you get there, tell me what the front page feels like.	I have been there, and I can tell you being there and back again... It feels good for a while, but then you realise [it is a silly place.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfGpVcdqeS0)
I thought it was one of the little piggies running around. When it wasn't, I threw all the piggies off a cliff into the water.	Lies, you just wanted an excuse to thew the pigs off the cliff.
'Bro what you sayin tonite'	'Naw bro chillin with frends'
how did you do your collards?  was it a simple saute?	yep.  just tossed into a hot skillet with oil then added salt and a little garlic powder.
affirmatized by me as well.	that's the trifecta, now you know it's true.
I have no idea what that means but im sure you will fit right in.  There are plenty of strange people at rpi its a pretty judgement free place.	I agree, I just want to point out the delicious irony of saying 'judgement free' with 'RIBS' in the username.
You should link the actual comic instead of rehosting on imgur.	Last time I hosted a comic, everyone called me an asshole for *not* putting it on imgur. Oh deary me
I use a bbq lighter like a normal person. Also butter paper works well too, it burns very slowly. I fucking hate seeing people use bic lighters. It's just moronic, not cool. But these people also pretend that nothing hurts them like some macho fuck head. 	Second the butter paper it burns slow, doesnt spray ash everywhere when you shake it out either. Or just clean your pilots
I do, it's [here](http://soundcloud.com/chris-mathlete-powell).  I've only got one song up though, but it is an original.	Alright cool, I'm the weird guy with the follow in the hopes that you record some material! Awesome stuff.
&gt; were up to no good when a paladin/kill-joy shows up newlinechar  newlinechar I thought you were going to Fresh Prince us there for a second.	Now this is a story all about how, newlinechar  newlinechar Our campaign was turned inside-out. newlinechar  newlinechar 
####ITS FUNNY BECAUSE RHYMING LOL 'Kay', 'Gay', 'Hey' LOL AY THREAD	[*how stoned are you,* **brave sir?**](//#clarinetkid)
whaaaat is up with their faces?	Their facial expression are so fast that there's a bit of time dilation? I dunno 
Let's not forget the malpractice lawsuit and the child support settlement.	Charge him as an accessory to the rape.   newlinechar If he wants to see that the rapist's acts are carried out in full (i.e.: pregnancy of the victim), he bears part of the responsibility.
I recognize you from /r/nfl 	[I HAVE THE POWER](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dJolYw8tnk)!
I got that other characters had to die. As a coming of age story, some characters have to leave in some way in order to allow the main character to grow. Mentors have to die or leave in these situations. But Hedwig? Come on!	What about Fred? You can't kill a Weasley. It's just not fair.
Thank you kind sir/maa'm! :) There was only 2 people in our school that got one, one male and one female, and I was selected :D	Anytime (and I'm a sir).
30 upvotes and no comment? I'll do it then.	Hooray!
blast off	She makes my rocket ship blast off.
Hot Pie	Isn't Lommy the one who always wanted to yield? 
Do you have a 1911 with a Latin engraving by chance?	I wish. That would kick ass. Nope, just a Sigma. 
I think he was better but for a much shorter period essentially a couple of years.  Messi's already surpassed him in longevity.	Yep, due to his love of getting hammered with Deco and co. Goes to show even literally the most talented of people need to practice.
My family has simply accepted the fact that I cannot be socialized with during my first hour awake.	Mine has not and still insists on telling me all the important shit I need to know for the day as soon as I've woken up. This later results in the bitching out of me, due to the fact that I forgot everything I was told while only half awake.
This is true.  To add to that always remember that cold is just the absence of heat.  Therefore it doesn't affect the accuracy of the heat gain/loss.  	Great, thank you guys.
[Hey, Guys, Guess what!](http://imgur.com/02fpt)	what?
(For us English aristocrats, I leave you this 100 mph -&gt; 268800.0 Furlongs/Fortnight) - Pip pip cheerio chaps!	Holy shit that's a lot of Furbies
and its insane that our government legalizes this shit, but outlaws the clean safe drugs	seriously. this. newlinechar  newlinechar silk road my friends
As a student of Pitt, I think this is hilarious. This is common knowledge on campus. I guess student affairs does their job well.	I think it's hilarious that it's a myth, and the lines are for structure..
This may sound like a stupid question, but since the earth is tilted shouldn't it still be some time on the poles?	Nope. Imagine a line that describes that tilt, and the earth rotates around that line. The two endpoints of that line are where the north and south pole are, so theoretically there are points at which no rotation occurs.
I work as a mechanic at sears. Cooper response touring (what you got) tires are a low end tire and make alot of road noise; I just installed a set on my gf's civic. The road noise should gradually decrease over the life of the tire. 	thanks...good to know. right now it seems to be doing the opposite, but i hope it does go away eventually
Suit is even easier. Just get a full length checkbook style bifold wallet and keep it in your inner jacket pocket.	Never been able to do that without the jacket sitting off kilter. Plus I hate the feeling of taking off my wallet with my jacket. I'm paranoid about preparedness and having my wallet is a big part.
Why the shit would I look up shitting dick nipples on Google?	Took the words right out of my mouth.
*Don't you?*	clowns...in my coffee!
If you don't own a measuring tape, go out and buy a fucking measuring tape, and a hammer, a few screw drivers, a set of pliers and a wrench or two. newlinechar  newlinechar  Seriously, no excuse for not owning a measuring tape.	Agreed. Everyone should own at least one of everything you mentioned. I'd say a 3 inch pocket knife would be on that list as well. Also duck tape, but I'm not sure if I count that as a tool...
Are you in Sac?	Nope. Seattle. 
By, for example, putting fake wooden Deer pointing directly at him?	That would be terrifying... Imagine gigantic aliens placing random caricatures of humans right where you slept.
Darius is a dunk novice, if anything. He doesn't even go fast. 	Draven doesn't even play the same sport.  newlinechar  newlinechar He goes for those hail mary ults.
Is there a crack in it or is that a planned opening?	Parachute deployment system.  No worries!
Three months and already over 10K karma? Is this a case of the town slut complaining about the town whore monopolizing the community douchenozzle?	My posts are all original. And half of that karma is from 10 comments. 
:O My boss just left my job and became the director of the front office there!	Bradley?
Indeed. Good tiding, fellow Canadian. Remember to feed your pet beaver. newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah, that's an in-joke I've been trying to spread on here.	'tis no joke: our canadian beavers need to be fed. they are insatiable. canadian beavers are the best in the world, and only the best 'feed' will do. as you know, by 'feed,' i mean strong, canadian meat.
Okay, I've spent *another* day thinking about your comment. I still don't get it. Can you please explain the joke?	Because an 8 kind of looks like two 0's kissing. So the homophobic 0 would disapprove of this and attack them.
They've seen everything at the ER. No worries.	Yeah, you're going to give them a way more interesting story than 'Sharpie up the rectum'. That's every day for them.
Does anyone else think that things get less funny, rather than more funny, the more times you see them repeated?	The forms must be obeyed. 
Why do you say that?	Because I want HoN to be completely F2P with no goblin coin shop.
holy god. 	Easily the most offensive joke in this thread. newlinechar  newlinechar *this message brought to you by /r/atheism*
The Season 1 Pilot, followed by 2 other good episodes. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Not sure why i hit negatives, say what you want, but its the pilot that got me hooked on the show, combined with episode 4 (3 i didnt much care for...still dont)	People generally recommend against the S1 pilot because it doesn't really represent the style of the rest of the show and I tend to agree. Don't get me wrong, they're good episodes, but they were far from the ones that got me (and I imagine most others) hooked.
Blow up friend's cars, take money, buy EVE?	So that's why they call it Inferno...
He is amaaaazing. The video with Legion's new hoodie is my favorite just for Joker's shades at the end. '...YEAHHH.'	I was at a dance at a convention when that song started playing.  I pelvic thrusted all around the floor for the entirety of it.
:)))))))))	I'm not understanding all the hate, these guys were *awesome*!
As long as your religion isn't a major one, specifically Christianity, you'll probably be okay on r/atheism. newlinechar  newlinechar That SR isn't so much atheistic as it is anti-Christian.	I'm roman catholic. So I guess that's major. 
In the theater of course.	Peewee Herman tried that once.
Apartments I've found everything from winchesters to enfields to M1911s to flashlight to tents. newlinechar  newlinechar It's also worth noting that everybody who lived in these apartments religiously keeps at least 30 road flares under their pillows.	Lolz. And empty tin cans. 
huh, where's he from?	Where's who from?
He's 'Mexican' American, the same way Michael Jordan is 'African' American. Check out where he was born and raised.	In this guy's defense, MJ wasn't showing up to every game in a dashiki with an Ethiopian Flag on his back.
Bullshit. Sending a level 1 halfling rogue to destroy the BBEG's artifact? Impossible.	One does not simply send a halfling to destroy a ring.
Jesus that's a wordy tag line	Speed needs no translation? It's alright I guess.
I'm wanting to see the video now Idk if I would puke. I hope i'm not alone and crazy	It's morbid curiosity. This doesn't make one crazy and you're not alone. 
&gt;BWE~~2~~? Only once-*a-monthish*  newlinechar  newlinechar fixed.	All BWEs are unique experiences.
Agreed. 	Thirded.
Asking for that link was one of the worst things I've done in recent memory. 	They never fucking believe me.
[](/celestiawut) My god...it all makes sense now. You. Me. All connected via metaphysical bundles of yarn. Separate...yet together. Individual, yet existing as one. Let us join together in harmony, for the yarn of life binds us all.	[](/twicrazy) The threads of fate cannot be unseen! newlinechar  newlinechar [](/ohhi 'Hey, you. You're fun!')
I can't think of any exceptions to your rule, except like Artosis or Nony. And agreed, guy seems like a good dude, and I can think of at least one other diety who spent his early career being called either boring, cheesey, or both. 	Also... newlinechar Two best foreign protosses at the moment started off being known exclusively for one base builds. Most successful protoss in the world won with almost nothing but two base brute-force attacks.
Correction... if you don't code from scratch, your gonna have a bad time _	Code anyway you want. Enough of this Puritan Notepad attitude I see everywhere. There's nothing wrong with using whatever tool works best for you.
Oh boo fucking ho	Irrational, the title said
Wow!  You should post this to [r/avporn](http://www.reddit.com/r/avporn/)	I just may. [The page explaining the build](http://avforum.no/minhjemmekino/show.php/maskinisten) it is in some foreign language. Many props to the builder whom ever he is.
We already formed a hypothesis - now we need to refute it, or not find evidence to refute it.	Yes, but we need to... peer review.
Right but I thought they expanded in even numbers. How did conferencing work?	[Uneven conferences.](http://www.nhl.com/ice/standings.htm?season=19801981&amp;type=con#&amp;navid=nav-stn-conf)
Now that would be interesting to see.  newlinechar  newlinechar I'm curious as to the being that 4chan would release. 	On the day that 4chan releases it's most powerful, I am staying as far away from a computer as physically possible.
just showing u how cool the reply button is.  	holy shit this is cool.
MY VOICE IS FUCKIN'!	POWERFULLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!
Wanna see some of my watercolours?	Ever drink Bailey's out of an old boot?
I find the reason of these links Honor.  (Also the ability to read.)	HODOR.
Them being closed down is the only reason why I hate EA. At least, their last breath, their dying wish, The Saboteur, was a decent good-bye. 	I feel as if EA are like metroids, they hook themselves on the success of a game franchise that gets published then slowly suck the life out of the company with their marketing and other stuff.
pedophile's are fucking immature assholes.	I see what you did there.
http://mlkshk.com/r/2KNX	I love you.
Dat nigga be flashin it's feathers an pulling bitches and shiz	That penguin nigga be showin it all off
And it's not like he's showing up to do the job he was actually elected and being paid for or anything, either.	Scamming is a full-time job.
Thank you Bear Grylls.	pffft he's only a hobbyist urinist.
Agreed. It's also a terrible description. I don't know about the rest of you folks, but I've experienced both phenomena and they don't really resemble each in any way.	This is off topic, but I'm just kind of impressed at how many mistakes I managed to cram into that comment. That and the fact that no one called me out on them.
Funny how I don't consider Tom's actual shoes.	Tom's? What do you mean?
That's beautiful. And I hate to be /that/ guy, but a femspy is what the drawing needs to reach perfection.	be right back. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit:okay here's the femspy, but I'm tired, so i will clean it up in the morning. newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/zRYFW.png
&gt; Do gay men generally mind the presence of women? newlinechar  newlinechar I don't think it would be fair to generalize like that. How about: Some do, some don't?	That's why I used the qualifier 'generally'. Gay bars are a place catering to a specific lifestyle and I wasn't sure that I wasn't intruding. newlinechar 
Hey what is an a/theist?	Exactly what I wanted to ask.  He's not responding so I'm going to assume it's like a theist Beyond theism. newlinechar Edit: not meant to be rude.  Genuinely curious.  Just thought I'd jab jocularly too.
Skyri- Just kidding. newlinechar  newlinechar I must say, I enjoyed Time Splitters quite a lot.	The announcer in Future Perfect's multiplayer made me lose a few matches. newlinechar  newlinechar *Chimpicide!*
Carbon monoxide poisoning? Definitely possible and would not be the first time this sort of thing has happened. it can cause all kinds of hallucinations while being completely undetected by our senses. newlinechar 	but the same exact one?
The giant in question was also named 'Wun-Wun.'  Phil Simms!	oh shit! HAHA
Yes, that certainly sounds like what we need.  So you think this would be a job for a web developer more than a programmer?	A web developer IS a programmer. But yes, it could be done by an entry level web developer. Doesn't sound like a terribly difficult task
Totally, first there's, like, a tickling sensation, and then there's a really loud sound!  And then people say 'bless you' and judge you for life.	Some people(like myself) hate being the center of attention, even if it's only a second.
xkcd?	Ah, nothing like xkcd ecstasy.  I write about thick sticks, not draw stick figures though.  Hell of a webcomic though.
I didn't say he WAS the sleeping prophet, I said he is referred to as such by some people. Without doubt Edgar Cayce is THE sleeping prophet.	Fair enough. Consider that a disambiguation comment then. 
How do Chinese women know if they're pregnant? newlinechar  newlinechar They insert a rubik's cube into their vagina and wait a few minutes newlinechar  newlinechar 	A FEW MINUTES? YOU HAVE RETARD BABY.
By the same token, OP is reducing 'the candidates are the same [in terms of policy]' to 'the candidates are the same' and saying 'nah-uh,  this one's gonna be a dick!'	Yeah, but his post is anti-Romney. Thus, his post gets upvoted, my snarky reply gets downvoted, and snarky replies to my snarky reply get upvoted.
Faking a small penis since 1872	As an Asian, I appreciate jeans for this very reason.
Tumblr page taken down?	http://www.nooooooooooooooo.com/ newlinechar 
Usually candidates don't take them because they limit the total amount of money you can get. If I remember correctly.	Gaak! You just sucked the fun out of it!
'This guy gets it!'	'B-rad, is rad.'
With a little pubic hair for zest.  	some crabs to spice it up
Agreed. Everyone should own at least one of everything you mentioned. I'd say a 3 inch pocket knife would be on that list as well. Also duck tape, but I'm not sure if I count that as a tool...	zip ties and tampons too
No, new characters. The heroes who rise up and take down Orcus.	I want to play this game.  :/
I have the x4 955 and haven't had a single issue with it.  Skyrim/COD/Quake all run stable on ultra-settings.	I've heard the AMD x4 processors actually do better as gaming processors. Unfortunately, when buying my PC I made the assumption that six cores means better than four.
i personally liked that with every puzzle you solve you're gifted with some witty dialogue from GladOS. There was a point where the puzzles were alright and all but I just wanted to listen to the next thing she had to say.	Then I imagine you love Portal 2 more than the first one. Felt like they focus more on story and flow and save their brainbuster puzzles for the co-op.
This doesn't seem sketchy or anything... newlinechar  newlinechar There are women on chat roulette and omegle. There is also skype, where you can talk to your girlfriend... I'm sure she would love to sex you.	It's important to note that pretty much any girlfriend is going to consider what you're trying to do to cheating. So Syran's suggestion skyping your girlfriend is your best option. 
My ex-gf got arrested for this very thing. She drew blood. I told her to leave within 5 mins or I would call the cops. She didn't so I did and they took her away. She spent 11 days in county.	Good. She earned it.
You say, 'YES!'	Needs more upvotes.  Not because it's clever or obscure, but because it's Ghostbusters damn it!
The announcer in Future Perfect's multiplayer made me lose a few matches. newlinechar  newlinechar *Chimpicide!*	From the amount of pain out sides were in, I know.
Someone farted in here! Roll down the window	The window's stuck! Nobody breathe my air!
I like this idea. But I fear that my 'true self' will be so far removed from my current self that the people I care about won't recognize me afterwards. I think next to the idea that reality is an illusion, this is my second greatest fear. 	I've been there. Voice of experience: the people who care about you won't mind. They'll enjoy seeing you grow.
Same reason why there are stupid fucks camping domains like purple.com, gail.com, and other companies that make their living by camping domains (ad revenue). newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Some men just want to watch the world burn.	I just spent 15 minutes on purple.com.. what am I doing?
Twist ending: I'M THE SISTER!	M NIGHT SHYAMALAN
Hhahaha my friend worked there, he said that it was pretty nice hehe! newlinechar 	your friend got a name? i think i might have fired him lol
that or Said, from Lost.	&gt;Sayid*
So how should I reduce it? Just stick to SS for a few months? Cut out a few lifts? 	SS is a good starting point. Read the book and adjust the workouts as you see fit. If you really can't stand SS for some reason, I would still recommend you stick to 3 days a week to start out, at least for a month or two. 
Oh no, that's alright, I wasn't planning on sleep anyway. newlinechar  newlinechar Oh! What's this! A link to the SCP Foundation! newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar How did that get there? newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.scp-wiki.net/	I would post a disclaimer, but you know what?  newlinechar  newlinechar *LET THEM COME.*
OP, you're forgetting the key word: newlinechar  newlinechar 'The fisherman drowned, but his daughter got Stark to the Sisters before the boat went down. **They** say he left her with a bag of silver and a bastard in her belly. Jon Snow, she named him, after Arryn.' [emphasis added]	I think 'say' is probably the key word.
Very nice! How many titles approximately is that holding?	Thanks! I think it's holding about 1100-1200 dvds/blu-rays Each shelf holds between 150-160. I'm pretty impressed with how it turned out, I just wish they were a bit longer
K brah. You just responded to a flurry of 'chill man' comments with 'YOU chill!'  newlinechar No need to be such a negative nancy. This guy is happy with his new wheels, you don't need to rain on his parade. Be happy and let others be happy :)	Dont turn this into silverfish.  We here are respective of everyones opinions.  You guys argue about otangs being bad but you fail to realize, k rimes and p swiss race them and shred. They may not be your personal fave, but someone else may like them.  
Just say 'that must be yours'. Then run while he's trying to find it.	Best idea ever
How long before the internet crushes his charming innocence?  newlinechar 	I don't know anyone that age who still has much innocence left.
I was going to find some porn where a guy was thrusting at a similar speed but that would require some masturbating from my part and to be honest I'm not really in the mood. Maybe tomorrow I can help you out amigo.	Not in the mood? You sound like a girl. Next you'll be tellin us you have a headache.
Yeee buddy I signed a 5 year contract like a dumbass haha I'm stationed in Okinawa Japan cant wait to be a civ again.	6 years here. One of my best buds is an ATC out there
the Rakk Hive gained the nickname 'Vagmouth' in my circle of friends. We even started referring to sluts a Rakk Hive. newlinechar 	Haha, forgot about the hive...
If it hasn't, it has now. 	I'd like to offer Waffle-Carrot-Retard too.
Why the downvotes?  Because this is a *very* similar issue.  People not being allowed to have the products they want/be charged extra for them/limit quantities arbitrarily.	It's reddit.  They all wanna be Ron Paul but lack the conviction to let people do what they want unless it involves smoking weed.
pc gaming on tv's makes baby jesus cry.	Why might I ask.   I use my pc occasionally on a Vizio 42', and with game mode on theres no lag at all from the mouse.
It's Deadman Wonderland it's a new show that aired with the return of Toonami on saturday. It comes on at 12:30 and this is a clip from the first episode. http://www.adultswim.com/shows/toonami/index.html	I just started reading the manga. I have the weirdest love for it.
And he'll never find out unless he goes.	Or if he just reschedules.
http://www.nooooooooooooooo.com/ newlinechar 	http://tumview.com/skritin newlinechar 
Aw, look at that guy chilling... take my upvote, just take it.	My husband and I have decided that our cats own this house and we just stay in it. One of our cats will set and watch TV with us, unless there's cats on the screen, he's terrified of other cats. This ones name is dexter :) 
I'd believe ... But your name makes me wander	The one time I want someone to believe me, they call me out on my name :(
UC Davis has a fantastic brewing department. Professor Bamforth is an amazing beer instructor. 	You mean [Professor B.A.M.F.orth](http://i2.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/003/997/professor_badass1.jpg)?
A crown of gold for you sir.	for the cart king!
That park is a daycare. Also, you have to wear helmets. The setup is legit though. 	That is the easy side of the park. There are really big bowls behind this section. Helmets are mandatory at this park. Needless to say my ass will be in the beginner section. I appreciate the comment about my board. I'm really excited to get started
this is the INTP sub, nothing is serious here!	Nothing is serious business. 
That's him in season two. In season one he looks [more like this](http://www.wordofthenerdonline.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/Jaime-Lannister-house-lannister-24542414-1638-1092.jpg). 	i cant view this link :-(  its ok ill watch the show sometime soon
'tis no joke: our canadian beavers need to be fed. they are insatiable. canadian beavers are the best in the world, and only the best 'feed' will do. as you know, by 'feed,' i mean strong, canadian meat.	Yeah. And don't forget, they're good pot-smoking buddies. newlinechar  newlinechar In all seriousness now, I want a pet beaver. I wonder if it's legal...
Can we have ice cream on Fridays?	It will be so.
There is something somewhere about it changing into a rock but I'm on my phone so I won't be able to look it up right now.	Gold version says: It can transform into anything. When it sleeps, it changes into a stone to avoid being attacked.
And his jeep back	Maybe it'll be a Jeep *Wrangler* this time. 
Oh god. OH MAN.	OH MY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSH
I'm sorry to be the one to break it to you, especially like this, HogwartsNeedsWifi, but... Sokka's dead. He's dead and he's not coming back. I'm so sorry.	Flashbacks have already brought Sokka back. newlinechar  newlinechar LALALALALA I CAN'T HEAR YOU LALALALALA HE'S NOT DEAD IT IS A COVER STORY LALALALA! newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 
Free wine and crackers once a week. You can burn incense without looking like a New Age wacko. Lenten Fish Fries are the bomb. You could get a neat hat if you join the clergy.  newlinechar  newlinechar All valid reasons.	Hey, I can burn incense without looking like a New Age wacko or being in a religion. It smells nice :3
Seriously!  I think the downvotes came from dudes who don't like hair.  Not everyone's a porn star with a perfectly (or not so perfectly) shaved pussy, and that's definitely okay if you ask me.	/r/HairyPussy 
Fair enough. Consider that a disambiguation comment then. 	Done and done.
Seriously. I can't even imagine how hard a sleeper you would need to be for someone to get that around you neck, then turn the key and take it out before you could wake up enough to defend yourself. That's not a 'click in' lock, this did not happen. 	Uhhh if he was drunk the night before it's easy as all hell. I've seen this done many times to many passed out drunk people. I'm not saying OP is telling the truth, I'm just saying its absolutely possible.
Breakfast sausage is generally pork, is it not?	Oh yeah...duh. Hmm well they don't serve any beef then! 
http://i.imgur.com/7ieeh.gif	[](/c00)With you, that gif always has context.
palestinians aren't people so it's cool	Israelis brought modern irrigation so they are allowed to evict the Palestinians from their land.
[Bees.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1GadTfGFvU)	[Oh, you guys...](http://i.imgur.com/37cJN.gif)
bare feet, ankles showing, SHIT even her calfs are showing! obvious target for rape	Don't forget those sexy eyes. Slut eyes. Slutty slutty eyes. 
Looks like somebody's never heard of the speed force. Nerd.	I just feel like, once he got into space, his head should explode. Is that so hard to ask?
We also learned the canon name for troll boobs. Rrrumble spheres. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: So wait, does this mean that Jane and Jake are sort of anomalous in this regard?	Well Jake is explained off as Jade changing it to spite Condesce. As for Jane, I guess it's to play off the Sassacre being married to Betty Crocker?
umm...excuse me?...shook ones	Bitches don't know about Mobb Deep.
I don't know any Captain Gavorn, why should I tell him anything?	Not trust you. Tell Captain Gavorn we know his tricks. We not in any Extended Cut today.
They need more of these flashbacks. I want to see how Don got to where he was in season 1. Better yet, I want to see how Sterling or Cooper got to where they are	But the whole point of Don is that he doesn't care about his past. He doesn't care about where he's been, he cares about where he's going.
&gt;The poor and the struggling could use an extra $200 per week more so than $18. Simple maths. newlinechar  newlinechar If one panadol cures a headache, then fifty panadol *must* cure it fifty times as fast! newlinechar  newlinechar Simple maths.	Incorrect, you die... or at least have chronic liver damage
They would be ignorant; Personally having followed both sports and esports they are almost identical forms of entertainment. Only difference is that the stars of esports are a lot of the time normal sized geeky dudes with interesting personalities. 	I've noticed that streaming video games and sports are the only two types of entertainment where if people come late and have the option to watch what they missed, they turn it down because they want to know what's happening 'right now'.
Really? In my experience, NY pizzas have significantly less sauce compared to pizzas of chain restaurants and other areas. 	I guess it's from place to place but every pizza I've had out here has been so dry
The 3d just looked stupid to me. Like there were two images on top of each other that didn't fit.  newlinechar Two thumbs up though for the prosthetic creatures. It gave real weight to the action.	That means you have bad eyesight, it's not the 3D.
Shame really. The only reason i haven't cut the cord yet is because I love to have cable news on, in the background if nothing else.	I have to say, from purely my opinion: that is a horrid reason to *pay* for cable. Have you tried PSeudoTV (provided you use XBMC, I guess)?
Bradley?	Yeah! I miss him; he's an acquired taste but really is a great guy!
where at?	I'll hazard a guess: Iceland, Alaska or Nova Scotia?
boxes?  mine came in thick clear plastic bags that smelled wonderful.	Mine too. Never had any in boxes.
Steinborn squat?	After a quick google search you are dead on.  Thanks for letting me know the real name for future reference.
i'm a girl newlinechar  newlinechar Hi, you're welcome c:	I like where this is going.
Watts, or some variation.	'Whats?'
Calvin and Hobbes practically raised me.  I love those guys.	You know it, pal.
Very philosophical. As in, the non-karma whores are simply posers, and the wretchedest of us all?	Everyone's a karma whore, but the only non karma-whorey people are lurkers
you mean if you can find her...bitch has been missing for forever.	came back for a bit. THEN DISAPPEARED AGAIN WTFFF
You were probably thinking that newlinechar  newlinechar     int c[n]; newlinechar  newlinechar doesn't compile. Not even if you had const int n.	Well, why didn't I just say  newlinechar  newlinechar     #define N 1000 newlinechar     int c[N]; newlinechar which would have made better sense.
Typical new redditor, used to YouTube's reply system	on youtube, there is also a reply button.
We've all had Disney boners.	Aladdin anyone? 
Many thanks for the links. I will definitely check those out.	No worries! Corey Taylor has a soft side to him which can be nice. Also, I forgot Hesitate by Stone Sour - that one is a bit different from the rest, but it's still good (I'd link you but I'm on my phone). 
i thought i was prepared, then when this stuff happened, i remember i can bearly run up the stairs without running out of breath. 	Haha yeah same. I always thought how I would fare in an apocalypse. I cant walk for 2 days after playing a game of basketball, how the hell am I supposed to run for my life daily?
'what kind of stuff can create this smile'	Cocaine.
Thank you for your concern.  I've done rehab and all that.	Rehab is for quitters! /r/cripplingalcoholism
Although a guy on youtube completely tore down that Ash in a coma theory with facts from the show.  Basically there's too many inconsistencies and vagueness in the theory for it to stand.	Would *you* think clearly in a coma? newlinechar  newlinechar [edit] my bad, read that as 'vagueness in the story'
People have dug up info on him in the past. He not only had prior convictions, but he was currently on probation at the time of the robbery. 	DOESN'T MATTER ALREADY MAD
I just wonder how the OP of the top comment would feel if he/she is raped. Maybe strong enough to have a different view on the matter, but I highly doubt it. 	Sore. That's how they would feel.
My roommates said they would get me rims for Christmas. A CB radio so I can talk to other car beds.	'Nice Jammies' newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 'Thanks. They were a present from my room mates.'
I have 05 on my hard drive somewhere, ill find a place to upload it	You are a good person!
So jealous of your upload. FiOS isn't available so I have to use TWC Wideband and they're just as expensive but 30d/5u =/	I know how you feel. I'd be streaming on Twitch much more, since I have all the equipment. Every stream I do is jumpy and pixelated. Frustrating as all hell.
No you can't. 1 session membership is about 60 I think. Or somewhere along the lines of $10 a week	This is right, I had to pay $60 last summer.
Statute of limitations for false statements to officers is 4 years in California, that's why. Plus they couldn't get the money back anyway. What a terrible waste of everything. 	Statutes of limitations get moved relatively frequently. There have been people tried more than forty years after a crime occurred.
That manacurve is dismal and there's a reason that monored isn't even playing Incinerate (when it exists as a deck at all) right now - Pillar of Flame's exile clause is actually relevant against Zombies.	And against Strangleroot Geist and Sadbot.
I paid $10! Just so I don't seem like shit.	I usually pay $10 as well.
[](/b01 'Oh no! Fluttershy realized how good she really is! Everypony run!') 	[](/rdwut 'Should we call in the Atomic Rainbomb?')
Okay, troll.  Lay off the bottle.	Don't tell me what to do. I'm the head banana on this cargo plane. I call the shots, see? I do the deeds, see? Meh, see?
really? well I'll be taking my upvote back and replacing it here. 	right job
Perez is by far the most overrated driver in F1 at the moment. You heard it here first- the kid will never make it into a Ferrari	I don't know, Perez would have had a decent shot at winning in Monaco if he hadn't crashed in Q1.  Should have won in Malaysia as well.  I wouldn't call him overrated at all.
As a Russian, me too	No, as a Russian you're already drunk.
[Relevant.](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/cmwov/hey_reddit_what_tattoos_do_you_have/c0tpyls)	I like you.  newlinechar  newlinechar Ever since I learned about saving comments I've been waiting for the day someone would finally post this again.. Now I can die peacefully.. 
I thought Fat was the best one.	That's also a pretty marketable name. It can be an acronym for 'Fat Ass Teenager'. You know kinda like AC/DC.
you gotta pace yourself this year toots.  Very sad face that I won't be there until when I'm there.  BTW, totally was 'stalked' by a coworker surfing last year's pics.  'Hey!  You're on REDDIT?!?'  Um...maaaaybe...	I will pace myself, I learned my lesson last year.  
thank you. You are a good person... unless you're driving. Either way thanks.	No problem. Not driving, just killing some time while waiting on a woman.  Enjoy your gaming.
He has taken on commissions it appears from linking to his website; however, this is like 1 in 10/20 posts he does.  I don't consider this spam.    	 newlinechar  newlinechar *Some people have definitely overreacted.*
This is The Answer. newlinechar  newlinechar You may, if your squatz are deep, also drink coffee.	Put that coffee down! Coffee is for squatterz.
Yep! It originally wasn't, but I made it that way	Nice job. newlinechar My first few attempts at making a gathered waist skirt were not so successful, haha.
Nope, the last thing that went through her head was her ass. newlinechar  newlinechar That felt so wrong...	That probably shouldn't have made me laugh as much as it did.
Ugh there's just so many sexy things about dudes and ladies.  It bothers me how many people can't understand or accept that bisexuality exists.	oh, they know that it exists. most try to block it out, as they aren't strong enough to admit otherwise. i'm with you, it makes no sense. both sexes have: mouths, lips, eyes, legs, butts, etc.,. what, exactly, is the problem?
[Relevant](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96b7Jk5xCTQ)	Great video! 
Really? or are you just being a troll? because he Really did go to school with me...	Was he an awkward highschool hipster boy that was interested in a girl that was way out of his league, but made it work somehow and also he had a confident best friend?
VE'LL CUT OFF YOUR CHONSON	VE FUCKS YOU UP LEBOWSKI newlinechar 
He was trying to be humorous and accumulate karma at the same time. It happens to all of us.	I saw your username, and it seems that a lot of nice guys actually do finish first. Check out /r/seduction to see what I'm talking about :)
It seems I'm the first to fawn over this photo with a comment.	Oh deer, not a bad pun thread!
Of course we wouldnt do that and start a site called peopleofwalmart.com or anything.	Thank you so much for this gift. 
[](/twicrazy) The threads of fate cannot be unseen! newlinechar  newlinechar [](/ohhi 'Hey, you. You're fun!')	[](/twipride 'Awww, you flatter me. Good to see all my time spent with a philosophy major wasn't for naught, though!')
What happened to your credit score?  Did it go to shit?	Yup, but this was expected.  We are opening secured lines of credit and will start rebuilding now.
Yep.	I'm guessing you own one of these. So when you drive it do you get the opening music to the Sopranos stuck in your head?
Thanks now i have a boner i have to get rid of. newlinechar  newlinechar     	By now you should know you just have to flex. 
Mainline the barbell straight into your nads. Then squat the creatine/whey serum. 	Classiest combo wordplay I've seen on Reddit in a *long* time.
and it most certainly doesn't contradict itself multiple times	and it most certainly condones rape as a horrible act against another human being. Surely much worse than consenting adult males/females having sex with eachother.
Have you seen the hotel? haha.	Doesn't matter. It's a hotel in downtown la.
As GtrplayerII pointed out, that isn't lactose intolerance. That's an allergy to casein. There is no lactose in any cheese that has been fermented. 	I haven't been diagnosed with a casein allergy. Fermented products hae a lot less lactose, but it's not 100% lactose free. Same with things like yogurt - the fermentation helps, but some very sensitive people may still have issues. 
This is off topic, but I'm just kind of impressed at how many mistakes I managed to cram into that comment. That and the fact that no one called me out on them.	I've been on the internet too long. I am numb to typographical and grammatical abominations that used to drive me bananas.
Although they will include bronies once they find /r/clopclop	Do I want to know? 
Interesting. I did not know that Europe used different sizes of paper!	Japan too.  Practically everywhere but in America.
We do not, they have to navigate between the kitchen and the dinner floor. Its my job to keep them informed on how long till the table is up.	Like any other restaurant, yes. But I mean, the customers?
Except OP didn't make this comic.	I take it all back.   newlinechar  newlinechar Jimmy, go get my gun.
I know right!? I'm so glad that they used him for the Arkham games.	Yea it was because of him and Kevin Conroy I bought the games. Too bad they didn't get Arleen Sorkin for Harley. 
Calculus is calculus; the concept remains the same. Limits, derivatives, and integrals don't all of a sudden follow different rules when you jump from a high school course to a college level course. 	Yes, but the pace at which it's taught can be different. High school generally moves slower because they spend time reviewing material from previous classes (trig, algebra, etc.). In college you're just expected to review it on your own.
Good thing I stopped drinking soda. That is, assuming energy drinks don't qualify as soda :/	I hope you understand that energy drinks are way worse then pop, right?
- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxGtx9xXhlM newlinechar  newlinechar - http://auto.howstuffworks.com/auto-racing/motorsports/drifting2.htm newlinechar  newlinechar - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heel-and-toe	TIL that I do it all wrong. I guess this comes from hearing of this technique, but never having the specifics explained. I stick my right foot in sideways, work the clutch with the heel of my foot, and bump the gas with ball of my foot.
No, I... I know, sweetie, I just say it to mess with them because I find it *hilarious* how bent out of shape they get. Reddit has proved my point really nicely as well.	Okay, you're cool...
maybe I'm too high but.....what did?	I think he's talking about 'Order #420' :p
I was a swirling tornado of fury when I scrolled down. That guy Torr or whatever can go die in a fire.	But...did the pokemon comments not help?
I'd have to say that this is definitely going to be reposted around the ether of the internet and /r/WTF possibly with NO CONTEXT and it's just these wonderfully creepy, odd creatures being with you. 	I posted them to WTF 2 or 3 times.... nothing 
Hitler thought he was doing a good thing.	Well. When you say I like that...
[Whoa](http://bbsimg.ngfiles.com/1/20057000/ngbbs4ab6bd560dfdc.jpg)	I wonder if they all blue themselves, or if they help each other out.
'mild humor' gets pretty darn obnoxious when it gets repeatedly pointed at your family.	Good point. I, for one, am fairly hard to offend, and reddit tends to desensitize me since much of the stuff is pretty ridiculous.
She'll need to be more spiritual, but she doesn't have to know how to airbend. Aang only knew airbending when he first hit the Avatar State, and he was even able to waterbend.	Airbending is a product of her becoming more spiritual. Increased spirituality is the reason most/all air nomads are airbenders.
I think you picked a dark picture.	[sigh](http://i.imgur.com/z6Wb6.jpg)
So far you've made Vietnamese people sound pretty awful. :/	Don't let me bias you; the food is great. Also people working in the tourism industry may not be representative of the general population. I like the Vietnamese people who live in Seattle. 
No the Internet is a series of tubes, tubes clogged with cats.	thats a lie and an exaggeration.
I'm not saying he's not a bandwagon but for the most part at every big Heat game you can count on seeing him, Rick Ross and Pharrell sitting courtside. 	I think he became a fan of the Hornets again after last night
I'm okay with this.  newlinechar  newlinechar Never found the Winter Classic to be that exciting to watch anyways. Just a regular game IMO.  newlinechar  newlinechar Anyone ever been to watch it live? 	I plan on going to Michigan to see it with a combo of Red Wings fans and leafs fans. I'm hoping it'll be awesome! I'll try and take lots of pictures and post them up here if people are interested newlinechar 
Most*	You can edit your first post to correct this error.
Interestingly this can also be caused by a marine bacterial infection. I've seen a few people on my salt water aquarium forums have it happen tot hem. 	Wow. I just started a 'reasons not to start a salt water aquarium list' in Google Docs. It isn't a long list, just one entry, but it's quite persuasive.
Don't you mean 'forum post' not thread? I thought it was a forum post and then all the comments were 'holy crap, posting peoples addresses?'	Nope.. there was pretty rampant discussion of different real names in the thread. At least 2 from what I saw and that was only the first page. newlinechar  newlinechar We really need a way to deal with BTR's more effectively here.
I've never seen such a gender sensitive comment in my life.	This comment had me laughing for far to long
If the US had shrines, and the miko were this cute, I'd be visiting and donating *daily*.	Suddenly, lobbyists dressed up as mikos!
I hope your life gets better and you find endless happiness. By the way that post was brilliant.	Thank you so kindly. I share your hopes.   newlinechar  newlinechar I really do appreciate your kind words. 
This is the first r/aww pic I actually said awww at	My girlfriend has been saying 'AWWWWWWWWW' for way longer than I have ever made her. 
As a McCoy, I'LL KILL YOU MOTHERFUCKER! newlinechar 	As a motherf****r, come at me bro!
since when does PETA have control over the legality of anything?	well they DO firebomb people they don't like
Smoke detectors have radioactive isotopes.	That reminds me the story of David Hahn, the [Nuclear Boy Scout](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Hahn). Even as late as 2007 he was [stealing smoke detectors](http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,292111,00.html).
WHAT A BENEVOLENT LOVING ANGEL YOU ARE newlinechar  newlinechar 	*You're. Also **YOU'RE** an idiot there's no god. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: [Hey Reddit, look at this screenshot of me laying the smack down on a fundie! I even waited 106 milliseconds.](http://i.imgur.com/PcOI7.jpg)
'HUEHUEHUEHUEHUE'	http://i.imgur.com/DMSnR.jpg
As a person residing in the mountains of North Carolina, this guy looks awesome and country and I want to have a beer with him. newlinechar  newlinechar You can get a ton of shirts like that at a southern Walmart.	Howdy neighbor, Virginian checking in and can confirm epic wolf tshirts are sold at my local Walmart.
I do love this so very much. Battleclinic is full of idiots I had a guy telilng me rate of fire was more important than dps the other day. Words cannot...	A high rate of fire makes you look cooler. Duh.
If you don't mind me asking, what are those plans?	Visit the Istanbul canal.  Check out London's new super sewer.
Is this a remake of [this film](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Chameleon_%28film%29), or is it the same film marketed in the US under a difference name?	Completely new film... It's a documentary that tells the true story of what 'The Chameleon'  was based on.
Trat de buscar la pgina y ya no est. La abrn tumbado?	[Aun est en el cach de Google](http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:6riX2bRnSD4J:es-la.facebook.com/people/Luchadores-De-Un-Mexico-Justo/100003866997178+&amp;cd=2&amp;hl=es&amp;ct=clnk&amp;gl=mx).
In my experience compatibility is a bit hit or miss when the bundles first come out but it usually improves once the games get updated 	Amnesia has had a native Linux version for a long time.
A lot of my favorite shows coming back. newlinechar  newlinechar TBH though, loiter squad is pretty stupid even by adult swim standards. 	Agreed. Loiter Squad is mildly funny at best.
Guess I'm gonna have to wash the puns out of you. newlinechar  newlinechar ... newlinechar  newlinechar With Tide.	I wouldn't Bank on it.
I'm a white dude but can someone explain to me how black people in 2012 can be so die hard toward a religion that was proselytized to placate slaves into behaving? I understand it holding sway back then but how/why now?	The same reason *non* black religionists stay religious: it's ingrained in their culture and they don't know the first thing about it's history nor do they bother to study the history of something they claim is so detrimental to their whole being.
It makes me wonder... do the curtains match the drapes? newlinechar  newlinechar *slaps self.* BAD orangesnapdragon, very bad!	LOL! I've wondered the same thing &gt;.&lt;
I've been using OpenSUSE for ~2 years now, hasn't let me down yet.	:o my bad, I didn't know you were one of us!
This is absolutely true.  You shouldn't have to pay extra to pass something down to your children when you already paid it once over.  	I don't know whether to trust your gut opinion on this matter, or the words of Thomas Paine, Thomas Jefferson, Adam Smith... People who saw the danger of a continuing concentration of family wealth.  You all make solid cases.
http://imslp.org/wiki/ newlinechar  newlinechar Find pretty much any public domain music imaginable.	Public domain ends in the 1920s, so you can find everything (literally everything) before that. 
Nah I'm hung like a moose. 13 inches. You can *trust* me, I'm from the internet	hey guys I'm fourteen but my dick's only like 14 inches just wonderin if that's normal thx
michael cera went to my school....when i was in school...	A fellow Heart Lake alumnus by any chance?
NO that's a gay dinosaur.	licka-lotta-puss
..oh yeah, of course I bought the Master's Collection.	OH... Yeah, I got mine *second hand*. Got it from my buddy 'The Thingy' 
What ended up happening? 	Yeah!  Good joke and all...but finish the story. The suspense is killing me, and maybe both of us!
Do I just need a copy with the 4 expansions to play all the add-on scenarios and whatnot? I have the ultimate collection CD key.	You need the disks with all content up to Wings of the Goddess. After that as long as your account has the expansion keys for the rest of the content then it will download on its own. I just recently installed it on my XBOX 360.
You can't just go out and solicit sex from a girl just because she posted on reddit.	Says you.
not sure if true story...	Did you see a Neil Patrick Harris?
Awesome song man. I've been listening to a lot of chillwave like that recently.	Oregon ents unite!
Makeup??	Yup! I was called into the counseling office later in the day (for, I suppose, obvious reasons) and had to prove it was fake. 
i guess im late to the party but what does zero mean? out of context i assume it means to hold it in till theres no smoke	exactly. heres an example as well newlinechar http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ca6SqcTuJM0&amp;oref=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fresults%3Fsearch_query%3Diron%2Blungs%2Bold%2Bman%26oq%3Diron%2Blungs%2Bold%2Bman%26aq%3Df%26aqi%3D%26aql%3D%26gs_l%3Dyoutube.3...215.2503.0.2585.8.7.0.0.0.0.185.731.2j4.6.0...0.0.HhXeeekDTFA
I was actually at home in my bed the entire time. DXM makes it nearly impossible for me to move.	I had a friend that went to a symphony on DXM.  He said it was mind-blowing.
Spy!	SPY CHECK!  *lights everyone on fire* newlinechar 
Dreaming is soo mainstream. 	The wannabees are gonna take all the good dreams.
I'm okay with jokes and less than formal answers, however the whole post shouldn't be just a joke.	What exactly are the mods going to do once memes start taking all the top spots? newlinechar  newlinechar Self-moderation simply does not work in reddit communities once size hits a certain level.  The pull of confirmation-bias is simply too strong.
Who said that, and why did they put emphasis on every word?	*'It's a whisper.'*
No, he has a job interview. He just needs to cut off his torso, leaving his head available.	Let's cut his ENTIRE BODY OFF!
Yeah,sounds good	this is why /r/trees is great, haha. and yes, it's a great idea.
They are a mix of new/old lands.	I know they are, but the choice of lands still seems strange. The old ones feel out of place next to the new ones
Yes, not that I'm blaming you though; it's perfectly understandable that you adopted a similar format to the game threads.	Are you guys both lawyers?
Like magnets	Magnets work by having the spins of electrons lining up, essentially forming internal currents inside of the material. These currents form a magnetic field, which interact with other magnetic fields. If they are in alignment, there is an attraction, if they are not, there is repulsion.
&gt;The research questioned 179 teenagers... newlinechar  newlinechar That is a paltry data set to make such a claim. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;However, youngsters who claimed they were still being smacked scored worse than every other group across all the categories.  newlinechar  newlinechar Hmmm........	http://www.lifesitenews.com/news/archive/ldn/2010/jan/10010507 newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,581882,00.html newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.thedailybeast.com/newsweek/blogs/nurture-shock/2009/12/30/some-kids-are-never-spanked-do-they-turn-out-better.html newlinechar  newlinechar These and all other sources say the study consisted of 2,600. newlinechar  newlinechar 
Alex Gonzales.  Todd Hundley.  Neifi Fucking Perez.  Dusty 'If you're under 30 and not a weak hitting MI, you wont play more than once a week' Baker.	I'm 100% sure ~~any~~ every Cubs fan's grudges are not irrational. 
but he reposted, LIKE A BOSS!!! newlinechar  newlinechar 	Like a FUCKING BOSS YO!!
Care to link the music video?	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPgWNuUkuA8&amp;ob=av2e Here ya go!
Found it: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6uU7-X0iHes newlinechar  newlinechar Episode Summary: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jurassic_Bark	&lt;3
Shots are for college girls. Drink doubles or higher. I would know, I'm a drunk.	Warm tequila is all we got, call me a girl if you want but I can't handle a double of lukewarm tequila. Even if it is my favorite maker
don't tell my magazines, you can read them like a book.	My door won't mind - he's pretty open to things.
I once stayed in a hot tub for like an hour with a bunch of strangers after everyone I knew had left because I had a raging boner and couldn't seem to get it down. 	I would have died that night. newlinechar  newlinechar Social anxiety makes me have panic attacks when I am near strangers, add onto that the fact that I'm half naked with a raging hardon and you're just asking for a heart attack from the level of panic.
That wasn't the last episode.	But it was hilarious.
proud to say it was me :) newlinechar  newlinechar 	Yes! Welcome!
I always heard it called the [space bag](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=space+bag).	In Australia it's called a goon sack.
Also, alcohol loosens you up, talk to someone who rode a skateboard, holding onto a car Back To The Future-style and fell off almost eating it under the tire. Alcohol saved my life.	So, what you are saying, is that natural selection isn't a thing after all.
Incorrect, you die... or at least have chronic liver damage	Oh I'm very aware of that. newlinechar  newlinechar According to the medical staff I've spoken too, paracetamol poisoning is one of the more painful ways to die (judging by the screams of agony).
This is brilliant. Your GM was very clever. Hats off to him/her. newlinechar 	Their GM is clearly Amy Hennig.
That one earned me a trip to the guidance counselor when we watched a video about 9/11 in high school US history...	Wait, what?  You had to watch a history video about 9/11?  I saw that shit live in 10th grade.  Wow.  Time flew.
If you nope you're way out of everything, then in the end what kind of life will you have lived if it was wasted doing nothing? newlinechar  newlinechar (Sorry. It's late and my brain gets all philosophical when I'm sleepy. Haha.)	Oh no no, I don't mean EVERYTHING everything. I mean like holy fuck what is happening NOPE NOPE NOPE situations. You know, ones that make you piss yourself. :)
Both come from the dead language called Latin. newlinechar 	I have a Panamanian friend who told me she met some Italians and they could easily converse spanish to italian because the languages are so similar.
Do I really need to give you a basic economics lesson?	Looks like it, yup.
Done and done.	Applies to both: newlinechar  newlinechar Step 1) Go to sleep.  newlinechar  newlinechar Step 2) Tell people what you've seen.  newlinechar  newlinechar Step 3) ???? newlinechar  newlinechar Step 4) Prophet! 
I have never heard of anyone messing with food. It is usually stuff like cell phones, wallets, cameras, drugs etc. that get stolen when people aren't at their tents.	This. 99% of people at Bonnaroo are upstanding, friendly individuals...however, that said, when you have 80,000 people in one spot, the remaining 1% are bound to be douches. Don't trust people with leaving anything of value you leave sitting out alone- lock it in your car. 
Yeah we just got turned away by them.  So now mom and the kittens are in a cage together for the night. 	Try these: newlinechar  newlinechar SPCA (pspca.org) newlinechar 215-426-6300 newlinechar  newlinechar PACA newlinechar 267-385-3800
The Oilers are pushing very hard for Schultz. And not just to have a Schultz/Schultz pairing. 	Schultz^2
And then watch an episode of Malcolm in the Middle?	Damn that was a good show. 
College Humor is hit or miss with me but that was pretty funny.	That's usually what hit and miss means.
Enjoy!!! It saved me from more than one morning of shame newlinechar 	A story of how 2 enemy redditers became friends.  **Karma** coming to a theater near you. (But pirate it, dont be stupid)
I like where this is going.	There is literally no good reply to this newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar so there
There's always some ent love, but why these guys? Who are they? 	Odd Future, a rap group.  Also known as OFWGKTA.  Most popular member would probably be Tyler, The Creator.
Hmm, interesting stuff. I've never heard anything except for Brees being a staple to the NOLA community. I mean, I trust what your saying because he's a divisional opponent so you hear more and pay more attention. It's kind of sad actually, I really liked him.	I meant it in jest. I think Brees is an outstanding guy, I just hate his guts cause he always beats us.
Next up: Manntreads.	If someone just runs the Rocket Jumper, Manntreads, and a Market Gardener I have respect for that person, especially if they do good.
I read a post that they know exactly what they're doing and it's sort of a wilhelm scream esque nod to other people in the industry as they attempt to top each other with outlandish lingo and incorrect terms.	I saw it too. They are trolling, and trying to top each others trolls.
what price did you get on that bad boy?	$10 for the console newlinechar $4 for each game newlinechar  newlinechar though when i got home, opened the game slot and SMB3 was there. newlinechar And I should mention it came with no connection or controller, but for the price I couldn't pass it up.
i'll say that i'm confused. does that mean that you've never completed the main quest?	Wrong library. There's the main one, with Mehra Milo, and this one.
They can go through walls.... D:	How dare you ruin my sense of safety!! That's cool I didnt wanna be home anyways! Haha
its still XX on tactical.	So let me get this straight.. RB, X X and that does it?
aaaahhh!!! i want to make this!!!	[Surprisingly easy](http://www.reddit.com/r/bleachshirts)
Overly pessimistic. Just as likely it will be for EC or other DLC.	(EDI voice) newlinechar  newlinechar That was a joke.
Because it was nine lines of code which isn't enough.	Nine absolutely trivial lines of code at that. 
Well, no, since he has a child.	They were stepchildren.
I wouldn't Bank on it.	How much would you levee? newlinechar I hope you find your buried treasure because newlinechar Out here we're all Lost. newlinechar Pray to your Wilson, because the devil in the delta, Won't save you when you put seashells up to your ears and they scream....Waves up dude!
I agree, I just want to point out the delicious irony of saying 'judgement free' with 'RIBS' in the username.	how about 'judgement free' and 'strange people?'
Your comment has left me more confused than anything else.  	He's talking about the period after your smily face emoticon.
[Here is a great reason to hate the Eagles.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnutUk02Sk0)	I remember that game. Watching that clip reminds me how much I'm missing watching games right about now.
He didn't invent that phrase. Try googling it. It's tough to pinpoint where it started. What's with the downvotes? Jeeze.	Ah. Hmm, then. I have no idea about the downvotes. Sorry I can't help! newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: No, guys, you don't understand. He was at like -8 or something ridiculous.
*Heavy Breathing* *Loud Swallow* *Heavy Breathing* newlinechar  newlinechar 'Huh, y-you remember when you were in Lost In Translation? *Heavy Breathing* That was awesome.'	Remember Beatlemania?
No it just encourages more bigotry. Bigotry is caused by intolerance, so fighting bigotry with more bigotry is dumb. We should be encouraging an atmosphere of understanding if any progress is ever to be made. You aren't going to change the mind of a bigot by being bigoted towards them.	But you will definitely change their mind by accepting the stupid things they say.
me three	I 4
Yep, good point. I agree. I just wish they weren't fans...	Can we all agree that we wish these terrible fans would just go root for Sparty? 
DM;GSSD.	good work throwing that together
In my defense, that face looks at me with scornful eyes, whispering all the mistakes I've ever made, so it's hard to take it any other way when you use it! newlinechar  newlinechar  [](/b31) 	Tis the 'are you kidding me' face, my friend.
now i am so curious who all the lancers up in here are...	My kid is in sk
Am I correct to assume you mean his bronydom, not homosexuality? newlinechar  newlinechar [](/spikepushy)	Well, considering he is homosexual, I'd say he could mean either.
I'm interested! Late twenties, laid-back, and am desperately scrambling to find a new place after my basement apartment flooded over the weekend, rendering it barely habitable.	PMed.
You're not committing fraud by being lied to about the price and being charged extra afterwards. They are the ones committing fraud, not the consumer. 	Yep.  Refusing delivery when the price at the door isn't the price quoted over the phone and then doing a chargeback isn't fraud.
I think this one actually gets posted about once a day.  	Yet gets a decent amount of upvotes every. single. time.
Yes, if you take your medications and not fall into traps like alcoholism and drug addiction you should probably make to at least 45 and probably further. You just have to be more on top of things than other people.	Amen. It's all about practice....everyday. Especially the mixed depressive times. 
Indeed. Or perhaps the understatement of the history of philosophy. Karl jaspers said all philosophy is commentary on Plato's work.	Don't know if Jaspers expressed the sentiment as well but it is usually credited to Alfred Whitehead who said something along the lines of, 'All philosophy is a footnote to Plato'
Why you keep them is a separate humi? Is it so the flavoring does not 'leach' into your other sticks?	Yep
Gotcha, thanks for the info.	It can be a total boss in EDH, if that's any consolation.
Vindictus is a fun action-mmo! newlinechar  newlinechar http://vindictus.nexon.net/	I second this suggestion.
I know its awesome but... your mouth?	I like the mental image of me pretending to choke in a public place, and when someone tries to Heimlich me, spitting out a live chicken.
Yes, i happened to go to Prom with Dr.Swagg :)	Hope you had fun :)
I could zinc of a better pun than that.	NA, not me, I CAn't.
SS is a good starting point. Read the book and adjust the workouts as you see fit. If you really can't stand SS for some reason, I would still recommend you stick to 3 days a week to start out, at least for a month or two. 	SS looks good it just seems a bit minimal. I would like to do a bit more lifting than is recommended in the book.
And if this is the case the OP is going in for an interview after a night of drinking.  Probably not wise.	i don't need to be drunk to sleep through stuff. once my wife woke me up to tell me there was a shooting across the street. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, we moved the next week.
I am very nearly done with that hangover!	Congrats! Good luck on the next one!
I was very fine with how it looked before. Perfectly fine with Old Guadalajara.	It clipped tho. That's why I gave it away when I noticed that it totally made the Gas Jokey's hat hideous. Now I'm happy with an apparition aspect and some staches.
Awesome! Now get Larry David on there. 	I want to see Bill Burr and Norm MacDonald. They should have had Patrice on before he died.
Boom, again! Amiright?right,right,right?	Dude it's bing not boom. How could you forget!!
zip ties and tampons too	Condoms.
Or a straight man who's tastes have aged since he was 14.	FINALLY I GET RESPECT AROUND HERE.
You mean can't reproduce right? 	No, he just didn't finish his sentence. I'm sure he meant, 'We can let them reproduce, but we're gonna have a bad time.'
You better back the [FUCK OFF!!](http://i.imgur.com/nHQBZ.gif)	Those pimps are dressing gaudier and gaudier these days.
Call Petsmart corporate yourself and file a complaint about the local branch. 	I just called! Great idea! They will investigate!!! 
As another dancing Jew, I can second this	As a non-dancing Jew, motion carried.
Sounds like something Felurian would do for kicks..	I was thinking Devi...sounds like her kinda fun
Really good, reasonable cars (I have one) and they didn't haggle over prices or have sales -- they just had lower prices in the first place. So, yeah -- there's definitely some perception of no special prices when places don't make a big deal about it.	My mom drives a Saturn, and I had one as well (until it crapped out; it was about 10 years older than my mom's). Both drive/drove really well, considering price. Better than most other GM cars of comparable price, at least.
shorting facebook is playing with fire. People were saying that about aapl , amzn, pcln, a ton of 'wayyyyy overpriced' stocks. There is no limit to what you can loose when you short	Short it and buy some call options (if there are any), you're covered.
I feel you bro...except the girlfriend part, my boyfriend just left me so their happiness hurts my heart	For some reason, knowing that a random internet stranger feels my pain is comforting. Internet hugs* Hang in there, and stay cynical.
and a pretty hefty one at that. Armor *reduction* is a pretty sick stat, especially early-mid game, and he just got a nice increase on it 	It doesn't matter really. newlinechar  newlinechar You generally don't want to waste fury on your E. 
Yeah. What the fuck?	dafuq is this? no way they are pulling the most sophisticated vehicle ever made on a raft with a tugboat in open ocean
Its hard to find giardiniera that isnt mostly large chunks of cauliflower. I usually have luck in specialty italian stores.	Ugh, don't say that! I'm a soon-to-be-ex-Chicagoan, and I fucking love giardiniera
Fuck. John. Rocker. 	He reminded me of Biff from Back to the Future.
Yeah, I always thought she was almost as flat as an ironing board.	I heard that Disney requires their stars to have them taped down or something, to keep them flatter. (while on camera, of course.)
Sorry.	Apology accepted.
I'm glad I'm not the only one who uses /r/aww to somehow make up for the terrible, terrible things I see here. 	Weird, I do the opposite
exactly. heres an example as well newlinechar http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ca6SqcTuJM0&amp;oref=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fresults%3Fsearch_query%3Diron%2Blungs%2Bold%2Bman%26oq%3Diron%2Blungs%2Bold%2Bman%26aq%3Df%26aqi%3D%26aql%3D%26gs_l%3Dyoutube.3...215.2503.0.2585.8.7.0.0.0.0.185.731.2j4.6.0...0.0.HhXeeekDTFA	haha ive watched that guys videos a thousand times. Shits impressive
Verizon is not Verizon Wireless, keep that in mind. 'Cellco Partnership' is a joint venture of Verizon and Vodafone, with its own CEO and structure.	I never knew that! It explains quite a lot. 
From the sidebar: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Location-based AMAs go to /r/ILiveIn. If your location makes you witness to specific events, please include that in your title.	Better yet, go to /r/AskACountry. I have no idea why your post was downvoted but it makes me unreasonably angry. 
Lol, isn't that subreddit for people with confidence? 	It's all just a mind game! This is the confidence you are looking for!
Why? newlinechar  newlinechar I am a proponent of settling it on the field.	&gt; so you can keep complaining about OSU. newlinechar  newlinechar UC talks a big talk but they don't walk the big walk.
Yes! Finally somebody who shares my opinion on that game. I thought it was fantastic and it required a little bit of strategy to be good at, but not so much that it dominates the game. 	He deleted his post, what did he say?
Holy fuck, you seem sheltered. The reason you carry the decoys and gun is because there are people who don't give a fuck, and they WILL rob you because if that.	Pretty sure that guy bowls and carries a 1911 with him at all times. He also seems very obsessed with rules and the 'What's mine is mine' philosophy... 
Classiest combo wordplay I've seen on Reddit in a *long* time.	Wordplay on classiest I've reddited time in a long combo. newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah, I don't know either... 
Pawtal 3 is going to be so much fun	Are you guys fur real?
[http://snd.sc/JCP71b](http://snd.sc/JCP71b) newlinechar  newlinechar Bummed I didn't have a chance to do this earlier. Electric Guitar, A string, no after effects.	Very nice. Reminds me of the stuff on 'Crack the Sky' by Mastodon.
He shouldn't diss the Saints, but he had been dropping about being a Packers fan on songs long before he made Green and Yellow	Lambeau leap in that pussy like in green bay
The Housing Authority has no jurisdiction here, unless you're a Section 8 tenant.   newlinechar  newlinechar Have you considered setting the building on fire?	Oh, huh, good thing I asked, because I didn't know that! I always thought the HA helped *everyone* with landlord conflicts. newlinechar  newlinechar 
Closer to 15. 	well then thanks for the reality check. maybe my metabolism isn't as good as I thought. Time to rehual my diet.  newlinechar  newlinechar Seriously, thanks.
Do I want to know? 	You may, but you'd certainly need to clear your browsing history afterwards.
[*le sees le 15 asscocks ago* **le points l'it l'out**](//#goodguygreg)	[*sees le good guy bravery* **you must be the v\bravest**](//#freeman)
/r/howtonotgiveafuck	You just broke the first AND second rule.
Inconceivable!	I don' thin' that means wha' you thin' that means
Yeah, I don't like Andrew Luck. I don't know why but he feels wrong on Peyton's team, in Peyton's spot, while Peyton is still playing. 	Your flair and name combination confuses me...
*shrug*	[sigh]
To get a rough idea of how different sizes compare, just square the diameter (don't worry about the pi or dividing by 4 because it is for comparison only unless you are interested in the actual area).	I almost like this tip better than the post
So then you also look like Taylor Lautner?	I've never gotten that comparison. I think it was the fact that I had really long hair and a scruffy beard.
There. I did it just because you asked. Good luck.	Thank you!
[](/rdwut 'Should we call in the Atomic Rainbomb?')	[](/thehorror 'An Atomic Rainbomb can't stop a fully awakened Fluttershy!') newlinechar [](/twisquint 'Activate the Low Orbit Compassion Array.')
As a fellow other-coaster do you mind sharing the name of the shop? I'm on the hunt for a DG.	NVS glassworks carries them. Just phone them up.
Adding to what is already [here](http://www.ritholtz.com/blog/2012/03/california-slammed-with-fukushima-radiation/)	Link is newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Fukushima Radiation Plume Hit Southern and Central California
In that vein: [Miss USA 2011  Should Math Be Taught In Schools?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9QBv2CFTSWU) newlinechar  newlinechar 	I knew I had seen one of these before.  The math one is a spoof.  I thought the evolution one was, too, and was saddened when I did a search and found the ones in this are real.  Ugh.
Not only the only person in existence to ever have done that, but also the only person who will *ever* do that. 	That isn't how probability works. He's *probably* the only person who will ever do that. Doesn't mean it can't happen ever.
Doesn't anyone ever get sick of these crappie puns?	&gt;carpy puns
That's what I thought at first. And actually I still think that.	That's what I thought at first. Then that's what I thought second.
metra is okay but their instructions might as well be in chinese. 	OMG i thought i was the only one about the instructions. If you think those are bad, check out Scosche, my god those arent even accurate at all. 
Fuck, man. Fuck, dude. Just...fuck.	When I was fifteen I knew quite a few girls like this
More games should implement hot, young, juvenile girls in miniskirts serving as faithful companions with names that start with J- never mind.	Also, shirts that proclaim 'SLUT' newlinechar 
Mainly because it's going to be *hilarious* newlinechar  newlinechar ...if it ever happens	[](/flutterwhoa 'Ok, now I'm curious.')
The worst is when you're in a public toilet and start laughing.  newlinechar  newlinechar Of course sometimes I laugh at the guy in the next stalls farts too.... 	I have the best image in my head of 3 guys pooping side by side in a public restroom and one of them just starts laughing hysterically.
You confused the bot...nice.	Does anyone have a link to that [/r/funny](/r/funny) comment from the gnome post intentionally confusing the SI bot? It said something about standing on their own 2 feet.
I'm sorry but... I don't get it ?	Step on a crack, break your mother's back. 
Northern ky here, we have really 3 superb courses in the area too. My fianc and I play together 	Cool. I go to school in Cinci so we'll have to play some time
I'm not actually concerned about anyone believing me. Lol I wouldn't believe me, either. 	You don't believe you, that's the punchline
I believe it was in the pilot. I can't find the clip, but Lucille has a fox scarf which is missing a hand and asks Michael if he thinks anyone will notice.	Wow.  That's absurd.  This just reassures me that this is the best show ever.
Oh god, I had forgotten about him. Now I'm incredibly sad remembering when he did all those nice things but the guy still dies, so heart-wrenching T_T	Don't feel bad. We all die eventually anyways.
But the scary people don't have access to the internet, so they can't buy tickets. Therein lies the rub	The internet is totally free at the library. The scary people know this.
I put billions of credits into this project to ensure you pass your math class.	I've given you a dossier of tutors with unique skills for your mission.
I'm not a fan of the Conky episodes. 	It pissed me off when they made Bubbles a nutjob. newlinechar  newlinechar Ricky was hilarious in that episode but I hate conky.
why the fuck would this restore faith in fucking anything? fuck you fry you are drunk.	The fact that the girl was working two jobs to support family is what the 'restored faith' is referencing.
No. Leave it on. Absolutely nobody here on GW enjoys seeing naked flesh. newlinechar  newlinechar /sarcasm	I appreciate your sarcasm. I'm not gonna lie I hate making these stupid titles in attempt to be seductive...can't I just say 'heres my tits enjoy'
Enjoy your unemployment.	Exit interview!
Why do you say that? Seems. Like picking up a good job and educating yourself along the way could be good. 	Because you miss out on a lot of stuff by skipping college.
DAE think you should buy wards and not rage and watch scarra and better nerf irelia lol xD brazilians are obnoxious amirite??  newlinechar  newlinechar also them/dem/dat '____' too 'stronk' dont blame your jungler play support to gain elo 	[Once again...](http://i.imgur.com/hm03I.gif) newlinechar  newlinechar We know people post that a lot. I'm tired of the circlejerk on this subreddit.
The indie game scene is nice change of pace. However, even though I love retro graphic and physic puzzle, the indie market is almost flooded with that. Still, just look up a video of Puddle, it looks cool.	True the retro looking games are everywhere right now. I don't mind the style, but it is over used. Puddle is fun, tough but so rewarding when you finally beat a level. 
guide our ships, axes spears and swords...	Now I must listen to http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPRt6Tt6RyM newlinechar  newlinechar I find this acceptable, though it may not have been what you had in mind. ;) 
Can't really say because every time I drive into Wisconsin I get pulled over for going the speed limit because your state troopers are dicks to anyone with Illinois plates. 	This.
Doesn't fix it.	have you tried a boot-cd based memory test? Other symptoms of bad ram are corrupted downloads and file copies.
*Idiot x7284 targeted, charging lazers*	*initiating sadness laser*
You don't want to count Banglaldeshies?	there are sooooo many. It would take like FOREVER to count them.
Aviators are the shit.	those just make you look more high, haha.
Evolution can be proven. We'll be able to read genomes with ease soon, even home pet breeders will be looking at the genomes of their animals, literally witnessing evolution.	Nothing in science can be proven. Not even gravity. Everything is falsifiable.
Yes. And whenever someone points it out, I make a mental note that they watch yaoi.	I can neither confirm nor deny that accusation.
Niiice	and how do you get that baby out of the blender? newlinechar  newlinechar [Tostitos!](/spoiler)
The last guy threw up while eating her out. The peanut and hotdog are part of his vomit. newlinechar 	Ahhh. Didn't realize 'going down on her' = eating her out
I went through HMM-164 down at the far end of the flightline when I was going through crew chief school. Had a lot of good times there. Ooh-rah brother.	On man, the 'Nut-riders.' I loved working there but sometimes those guys made me pull my hair out. That being said, ooh-rah brother. 
Apprentice receptionist? Is this an excuse to hire a receptionist but not have to pay him/her minimum wage?	SO CYNICAL [yes]
What's the best part about fucking twenty one year olds? newlinechar  newlinechar There are twenty of them.	How do you make a baby float? newlinechar Add Icecream
Or if he just reschedules.	Because that demonstrates reliability right out of the gate.
Rewatched the scene to confirm, it is.	I was right? This is so exciting! I'm never right.
With all the stuff on 2XC today, I feel a sense of pride and possibility that I too may be one of you PhD holding ladies a few years in the future. 	:) Good luck!
Missouri folks don't like to be compared to Kansas folks, so they decided to be a little different. newlinechar  newlinechar 'you build north/south roads!  screw you buddy, we are building magnetic north/south roads!' newlinechar  newlinechar Then you look at westport and think....wtf you morons.	Yeah, Westport used to be it's own town. It's streets were aligned to the Santa Fe trail, I think. Isn't it the other way around: missouri built magnetic north/south (the only technology at the time), and kansas built geographic north/south decades later?
I believe Pozzatto was held back from a few races last year because he intended to leave Katusha. Also, one of the Sulzberger brothers (can't remember which) complained about not getting support in races because it was expected he would leave to GreenEDGE.	Makes you wonder if Nibali even has a chance at this years Tour de France. You'd think it'd be smarter to just 'hold' transfer discussions until after the race you're aiming at for the year, but I guess it's really not that easy.
A girl learns quick	It is known. newlinechar  newlinechar Wait...
they no longer have caffeine in them... thats the part that was banned	The only worth-it part of the drink.
Robots feel no emotions. 	Oh hes human alright. He just wakes up every morning and pushes all emotion from his body using only a stern will, all before most people even wake up in the morning.
I wonder if they all look like palpatine too? 	all 107 of them?
Dr. Jones! NO MORE PARACHUTES!!	Dr. Jones Dr. Jones calling Dr. Jones, Dr. Jones Dr. Jones wake up now... (WAKE UP NOW!)
I mean... It can look more like both.	Yeah, Night of the Living Dead isn't less black and white.
ironic...	http://i.imgur.com/Jftcn.gif
I don't know how much experience anyone has with it, but I have wanted to try Shadowrun for a long time. 	Give me a little time and I'll be up to speed on it, and you'll be Running in no time. 
If he can hold onto the ball, although, I rather enjoyed when he didn't.	You have the wrong player there.  Barner isn't the one with fumble issues.
Hey man, there's some arm swinging involved, too.	Don't you swing your arms when you walk?
11am, complete details on schedule in the TL thread	Awesome! Thank you.
OK.	OK
I cut the cord 6 years ago and never looked back. The sooner these dinosaurs adapt or perish, the better. newlinechar 	Are you a sports fan?  I just recently cut, and that's the only thing I don't think I can replace.
[I'll start on a positive note](http://imgur.com/TwOYh)	I can't make out everything Youk is saying, care to enlighten me?
You a fan of MVP?	he's just an angry 15 year old.
We're just too excited to see the Devils lose. I can hardly wait for game 2. Go Kings. 	Go Devils, I want a Cup parade in Rochester
Two weeks here.	Same here.
POWERFULLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!	HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
It is perfectly okay to be terrified of ass rape. I would be concerned if you were not.	Thank you. 
Hey, at least they drive slowly past schools.	Pedophiles aren't supposed to live close to schools... but it does reduce the carbon footprint.
Calvin approves of this post.	Well done.
I'm ok with that.	Yeah, Phantasmal Image wasn't warp the format broken or anything, but was also way undercosted at 1U and probably shouldn't be reprinted. newlinechar  newlinechar I do remember Forscythe or someone saying that if they could redo M12, Image wouldve cost 2U, but don't quote me on that.
I like to strike when the confidence is low.	 It was always low. 
That's not a watermark, it's an image.  A watermark is a translucent image placed over another image etc.	Like the one of Obama with the KFC and Colt 45 right below where you typed
Yeah, they're pretty rare. This is kind of random, but are you the same Firespray on the Halo figure boards? I've lurked there a few times and saw some awesome customs by a user of the same name.	Haha yep that's me! Yeah I haven't seen too many of those calendars, I got mine from attending a grand opening of a Gamestop back in 2004, they were included into the little goodie bags they were handing out.
Thirded.	Shut up, Dalisca, you're outta your element.
I love this, unfortunately, I know no others on the challenge. 	Maybe you do know others but they just don't tell you, it's a really embarrassing thing to admit to a friend
[*how stoned are you,* **brave sir?**](//#clarinetkid)	[*i AM LE DRUNK* **I NEED LE UPBOATS**](//#couragewolf)
Which song?	I believe its Hey Jude actually...
I agree. Takes about 200$ to start really dabbin, and even then most people can't handle the high. I like the fact that it gets you further than any bud could	I have a few friends who make it themselves. I've only dabbed twice with them so far, but holy shit does it get you high. My mind was absolutely blown. It was like as strong as an edible for me.
Twice a day seems excessive. Unless you watch that really depraved porn with goblin women and lightning dildos... 	What's the point of deleting my browser history if you're going to guess it that easily?
hey guys I'm fourteen but my dick's only like 14 inches just wonderin if that's normal thx	You should ask that on yahoo answers 
Oregon ents unite!	Haha yay whereabouts in Oregon do you live. Its such a beautiful state I love loving here, especially as an ent.
Wow. This made my night. Do you have any plans in the future to revisit the This Alien Shore universe?	I might do a story some day. Not a whole novel. It's the only one of all my book concepts that is really well suited to interconnected stories, so that's always been a consideration.   
No love for Jak? :(	Have you seen Jak and Daxter the lost frontier? It's like they said: 'Hey, I know we've had a great success with Jak 2 and 3, so let's take everything good about those games and completely abandon those ideas.'
The Student discount rocks. I think it was %80 for me.	100% for me. And i'm not even a student. How crazy is that
I see it every *Groundhog Day* Day.	Me too! It drives my family nuts. Which is why I only get to watch it on Ground Hog's Day.
You can play doodle jump...	Man, that's messed up.
Tried to hard, friend.  Sorry.	He's not your friend, buddy.
Ladies and Gentlemen, the 5000th page of Homestuck. newlinechar  newlinechar E: also, [my extension](http://userscripts.org/scripts/show/134447) updated.	[](/dave)
http://i.imgur.com/mgECe.png	Are you upset you weren't able to submit this before your Facebook friend?
or that you cant do an MMO half-assed.	They've been working on it for at least 4 years, if not more. It may be half-assed in the quality of their work, but not in the quantity of it. 
yeah, browser based was what I was after. newlinechar Thanks.	Even still, check that one out.
Do you realize that people buy vehicles like that because they usually have a specific need for the towing capacity and power? Not everyone drives a compact car, or can they do so. You're incompetent. 	i used to have a big truck. as soon as the need went away I traded it in for a motorcycle :) ... now moving is a bitch. FUCK.
I think that's a flawed and childish way to view it, if that is the case. So, the the Atheism thread is essentially reduced to a 'dammit, let's make fun of Christians' element instead of intelligently discussing the matter? 	Yeah, pretty much. :-( newlinechar  newlinechar Go to /r/trueatheism if you want intelligent discussions. It's much better.
Not in the mood? You sound like a girl. Next you'll be tellin us you have a headache.	Sex will ease a a womans headache... Never let that be an excuse!
Good catch! definitely works with sugar cane, though it's a tiny bit more complicated what with needing water. It also hides the dispenser rather well	yup, cobweb is better anyways haha
Don't tell me what to do. I'm the head banana on this cargo plane. I call the shots, see? I do the deeds, see? Meh, see?	Okay... [edit] Lay off the bottle, *and* the stuff
A whole sub just for such an occasion.  newlinechar  newlinechar [http://www.reddit.com/r/buildapc](http://www.reddit.com/r/buildapc)	Thank you very much!
Anyone know the origin of that phrase? Sounds like something Tyrion Lannister would say.	the top reply of pretty much every 'hey reddit, what's your best come back?' thread on r/askreddit.
Crazy hobo in Miami Florida who ate another guys face, then was subsequently shot by police.	That sound horrendous. 
It is nearly impossible that they delete the whole database. They have a security copy for sure... maybe they are taking their time to copy&amp;paste all again.	I really hope you're right man. cuz that would suck.
Fuck you.	Fair enough.
well, this is probably one of the reasons it keeps getting pushed back.	Yeah, it's botting and not the failure of their gold auction house.
You don't say?	Then don't add 'true story.' It wasn't even funny.
That's good to hear. As far as I'm concerned as long as I am living a good life, not destroying my body, or hurting my friends/family then I don't care if I relapse once a week.	Same here, although it's much less often for me. Who cares! What's important is that we wake up feeling happy, healthy, and not fiending.
Are you a sports fan?  I just recently cut, and that's the only thing I don't think I can replace.	justin.tv newlinechar 
PBR used to be brewed in the same city as my University, it's still quite popular amongst my friends and I. Can't serve anything but light beer to girls though or else they get all whiny, so Natty it is 	I just give the ladies wine coolers, they say beer is gross. They're idiots.
Wait... is this in Weston, MA by any chance?	yessir
Applies to both: newlinechar  newlinechar Step 1) Go to sleep.  newlinechar  newlinechar Step 2) Tell people what you've seen.  newlinechar  newlinechar Step 3) ???? newlinechar  newlinechar Step 4) Prophet! 	Well, Lovecraft never claimed to be a prophet, it would be out of character. It was attributed to him much, much later. But yea, last night I had a dream where I got 100 comment karma off this comment, and lo, it shall happen.
mmmm butts	i agree whole-heartedly!
Looking great. Just a reminder, to make my life easier, when you are finished, please submit this sprite size.	I've got more of her done and will upload them as a regular sprite sheet similar to the other character skins. I'm guessing a transparent PNG. The size right now was just to make it easier for people to see instead of zooming in.
I didn't mean to! ;o We just danced together, silly, 	If you say so :)
This post does not contribute to the conversation. Please explain why you think these points are wrong.	Done.
Damn, I knew that was too straight forward...	shame on you
So you're not a combat vet who lives with his cat?	Yes, but I love my fuzzy kitteh. It's just a stereotype that I'd prefer to distance myself from, though I embody it. 
It's because you don't have any. As soon as you get some you'll get hooked and want more. It's like meth. You don't understand why anyone would do it until you try it out yourself.	Not really. My [older account](http://www.reddit.com/user/t6158/) has 13,000 comment karma, 200 link karma, and a ['best comment of the day'](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/f7kj9/do_you_realize_that_when_you_belittle_people_for/c1dvxw6?context=5#c1dvxw6) badge. At what karma score is the high supposed to kick in?
Wow.  That's absurd.  This just reassures me that this is the best show ever.	And what is it she's asking if anyone will notice? Is it the missing paw, or the ridiculous foreshadowing? I like to think it's the latter. 
Fewer*	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIFT14W0xSU
&gt; I'm an atheist and I feel the exact opposite ...  newlinechar  newlinechar Are we comparing the worst? Because the worst Christians do in America is bomb abortion clinics and murder doctors. What's the worse atheists do?	Eat all the babies. So nothing wrong 
Or just 'over Texas'. Man I miss astroworld though. 	Little fun fact: Six Flags Over Texas is the first six flags park, the name 'six flags' referring to the six different countries that have at one point governed the Texas region.
Haha no, I'd just end up making Dany sex up *everyone*. newlinechar  newlinechar dat ass newlinechar  newlinechar But seriously though, I'd stick to what I think GRRM is gonna end up doing with the three dragons (Aegon, Danearys, .....Jon Snow) 	Please god no.  I'm so tired of Dany already in the books.  
Are you guys both lawyers?	No... I don't get this.
It's like Magikarp vs. Darkrai. Except Darkrai is the dumbass and Magikarp is the reasonable one.	Splash is super effective against Dark Pokmon! [](/harpdarp)
that's not how hacking works	Haha, I bet this guy has never whipped out a black hat, let alone acted like a smooth cat!
came back for a bit. THEN DISAPPEARED AGAIN WTFFF	i cant even explain how irritated i am with her. it's so irrational...yet i can't stop myself from being so mad!
If you white, you Ben Affleck. newlinechar  newlinechar Shut up, Reindeer Games.	No, no. It's not a cow. It's a a minotaur. It's a creature of myth. And he got this one out of your mom's closet.  newlinechar  newlinechar She let me keep it after I fucked her.
As much as I would love this, unfortunately it will be six letters. 	Jeegus.
the best comeback to this ive ever seen is 'if adam was made from dirt, why is there still dirt?'	brb, using this
UPVOTE IF YOU DOWNVOTED THIS POST.	UPVOTE TO UPVOTE THIS POST.
you underestimate 4Chan.	4chan is not beyond reddit.
Ojo, capaz que son pibes buscando rehab y zaasssss MS DROGA.	[Y que tal si son vendedores de Droga, encubiertos como centro de rehabilitacin.](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/203/685/conspiracy-keanu.jpg?1321901003)
Hey, don't listen to the critics. Hatters gonna hat...	Hatters have hats
I've given you a dossier of tutors with unique skills for your mission.	We're at war. No one wants to admit it but your GPA is under attack.
Haha I totally understand. Ghost in the attic wants food? NOPE. Stalker wants a hug? NOPE. Demon possessing mom? NOPE. 	Exactly! There are many situations where NOPE is truly the only answer.
Have you seen Jak and Daxter the lost frontier? It's like they said: 'Hey, I know we've had a great success with Jak 2 and 3, so let's take everything good about those games and completely abandon those ideas.'	It wasn't made by Naughty Dog, so it doesn't exist. 
I think your knee has something to say.... Gurgle gurgle gurgle.	I prefer OMNOMNOMNOMNOM but that works too.
thank you i'll check out some of her stuff! have a lovely night!	No.  Thank you.  And try not to run with those scissors, maiden.  
[Article not behind GFW](http://www.foreignpolicy.com/articles/2012/05/31/google_confronts_china_again)	Thanks for this. Not all of us can have our VPNs 24/7. &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232; *grumblegrumbleworkcomputer*
Four drinks in one night? That's it? I'd just barely be buzzing after that (assuming beer, of course).	I'm usually only half split around that time, quitting after 4 will get boring lol.
saw this in my news feed and when i saw the pineapple i thought R/trees	Yes! When I read it my thoughts were 'oh that doesn't stand for Pina Coladas and you know it!'
Shush you! Don't you know all atheists know more about the bible than you?!	Let him talk. Contradictions within the book don't matter. Even if their weren't any, it's the contradictions with *reality* that cause problems
That was my first thought. Im a bit of a germaphobe but i think it would cross the average persons mind, 'hey, this thing possibly could be a carrier of a disease or two' newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: spelling. Thanks doooog	&gt; germaphobe
The 46656 sounds like the number we came up with. To this day, it still messes up my mind a bit, even though it's theoretically possible. But back to the number, to get all equal numbers the chance is 46656, but to get different numbers.. I suck at math. 	It's the same.
http://i.imgur.com/06R4q.gif newlinechar  newlinechar ^^hi	[http://i.imgur.com/3hAbO.gif](http://i.imgur.com/3hAbO.gif 'Irrelevant, I just like this gif') newlinechar  newlinechar ^^^they&amp;nbsp;can't&amp;nbsp;see&amp;nbsp;us&amp;nbsp;when&amp;nbsp;we&amp;nbsp;type&amp;nbsp;like&amp;nbsp;this,&amp;nbsp;right?
Why would you say that? Don't a lot of people claim to experience very Christian themes after taking substances? There are many people who became Christian after their drug trips.	And some people become Christians after skiing. But I'd hesitate to call skiing a spiritual activity, although it obviously was for a friend of mine.
GET MORE DAMAGE. GRRR PUMP THAT DPS.	&gt;GRRR PUMP THAT DPS newlinechar  newlinechar I feel like this should be an early 90s hip-hop song.
No hose clamp??	O_O newlinechar  newlinechar Ooops.  I'll go do 50 pushups in punishment.
Are you cutting or something?	No, I'm already circumcised. 
Well, Disney World is like a four course meal with gourmet everything, while Cedar Point is like a pile of bacon. The overall experience of going to Disney is better, but bacon is cheaper and it's bacon.	Such a perfect analogy.
I agree with most, except you clearly don't understand how things work if you think there should be no taxes.	I said I'd compromise! I can see how government has the potential to help in limited ways. I just vehemently disagree with how they waste tax dollars. Giving them more money just allows them to squander more.
It isn't a correct/incorrect thing. It's a brittish/american english thing. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar *Edit Maybe I should keep my spelling knowledge to myself until I learn how to spell things.	Up vote for knowing the incorrect spelling of British?
Yep, killer body. Love those hips and waist.	I know right?
get off the internet and get a job you hippy	as a decently successful internet entrepreneur, don't listen to this guy. newlinechar  newlinechar just start your own company, make lots of money and have plenty of spare time to play video games.
I'd like to visit her restricted section if you know what I mean. 	I'd like to slytherin to her restricted section with my magic wand.  
I don't believe it'll apply to the Korean server, unfortunately. It lists only NA, EU-W and EU-E. ):	blast!  There goes my excuse to play LoL all weekend... newlinechar  newlinechar ah, who am I kidding.  I still will.
Dat double zoom newlinechar  newlinechar Rly tho, n1	Dat tyty.. 
&gt;carpy puns	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crappie
Campolindo High	I guess all the rooms just look the same then.
I suppose that's a fair point. But at the same time they're a young team in the city. A move like this by the ownership says 'hey locals, newlinechar We think of you first!' which could be important in the long run. 	Buolding a base. Something Florida sports teams forgot to do.
What is it exactly about front squats that work the abs so hard?	I think it's the stabilizing aspect.
I love when fans shit on their own school's. 	I like it when alumni can't pluralize 'school'.
But instantly?  At least make it take a second, and if they're feeling truly classy, put in some kind of animation.  	Oh sure, I didn't mean instantly, that's just convenient for testing.  It should still be possible. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, a well timed keypress should be able to board an empty seat when falling past an aircraft. O_O
Don't you swing your arms when you walk?	Well, yeah, but not like I do when I'm doing the Mario. 
Canadian men are much hotter than American men IMO just because of their usual mild mannered nature. 	This one's got her head in the right place. Anyone else had good luck with any of my fellow countrymen?
I was originally going to NOPE this but I'm glad I didn't. That guy is pretty talented! 	This song is all chorus and I will have none of it.
Can anyone explain to me why they were running out?	[this should explain some of it...](http://www.crikey.com.au/2012/05/30/abbott-does-a-runner-from-any-sense-in-parliament/)
Did you get your PhD in server fixing? &lt;:3c	Pans and pan accessories.
What's the point of deleting my browser history if you're going to guess it that easily?	[For you.] (http://i.imgur.com/kmQeK.gif) 
Dat body hair.  Ohgodyes. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Not that this picture displays it awfully well but I love this hairy bastard.	[Fixed](http://i2.listal.com/image/1539465/600full-mark-ruffalo.jpg)  newlinechar  newlinechar Funny thing is, I don't like body hair on anyone else. He pulls it off *juuuust riiiiight*.
I can finally use his q more to last hit instead of just harass :D	The decreased the mana costs are on W and R, not Q...  unless you are counting that you'll have more mana from those savings..
In Maryland a guy ate his roommates brain and heart! [scary stuff!](http://www.abs-cbnnews.com/global-filipino/world/06/01/12/us-man-murders-roommate-eats-heart-brain-report)  	Does that Canadian porn star dismemberment video exist?
I don't disagree with your comments, which is why I posted the link. But, I have seen how he responds to comments and engages in debate, and that behavior was off-putting and calls into question his overall credibility when it comes to what he claims to be.	Can you send me some debates of his?  I have only see this book and would be interested in more.
&gt;the most hypocritical post title I've ever seen newlinechar  newlinechar Hi, you must be new here. :)	...a little :)
I do what I can. Also, flamingos are my second favorite bird, to the owl. 	http://i.imgur.com/UpSJS.jpg
Interesting. Thanks for the info.	No problem, sorry I didn't provide more info, it's been a while since I did more research on segregation of other minorities in that era, I usually focus more on black civil rights stuff. 
Don't you mean 180? If she pulled a 360, she'd literally just be in the same spot again. 	Why do they call it the xbox 360... newlinechar  newlinechar Sorry couldn't resist
also, he CAN be in many places at once. That's why he can win all the awards and still be sitting at home getting noogied by Thor	That also means I can have two or three at once :-)
You close your eyes whilst flogging the dolphin eh?	Clever.
Plagiarism was a lot easier in your day too, gramps :) newlinechar Edit: comma needed.	As the 9 students I failed this semester can testify.
lol you make it sound like offending people is hard.   newlinechar  newlinechar you can say just about anything and offend the shit outta someone.  	you bastard.
Oona Chaplin is just unbelievably good looking. newlinechar and DAT ASS.	I thought I was the only one who was clenching my jaw when that scene came up. 
Better yet, go to /r/AskACountry. I have no idea why your post was downvoted but it makes me unreasonably angry. 	Thanks, I don't get it either.  This sub has gotten insane over the last few months.
http://code.reddit.com/wiki/help/reddiquette newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Please don't: newlinechar &gt; newlinechar * Downvote opinions just because you disagree with them. The down arrow is for comments that add little or nothing to the discussion.	No part of that is relevant to what I just said. I never mentioned down-voting anything.
I sell any item 40-50 for 5k buyout no matter what the stats. 8k for 50-55. newlinechar  newlinechar only 30% of my items sell. newlinechar 	Same.  I can flip most items 58 and under right around the 5k-10k mark.  Only great items are selling 25k+ newlinechar 
Nice, how many days did it take?	for the past like month i'v done like 150 soft resets a night if i could find the time to (which was like every night) and i did the last 167 today and it shone :D
I was actually offended by this one. Good job bro	COMMENTS?! HOW DO THEY WORK? 
Grab his cock! Hahaha...... ahhhh I'm only half kidding.	Sixty percent of the time, *it works every time.*
Why you calling them hos bitches?	- Almost Politically Correct Redneck.
If we could just work in some racism we'd have the perfect joke..	It was a black horse.
What did you imagine?	What I imagined dose not compare to the acctual beauty of your real face
Why would they not be included. Strange weapons were pretty popular in TF2	Some people were concerned that games may be ruined by idiots who play solely for the purpose of upping the count on their strange weapons. People stealing last hits from important carries, needlessly chasing, etc.  newlinechar  newlinechar I hope it doesn't turn out that way.
I tried to remove it but it seams the mediator has to approve. Sorry ladies.	I know something else you can remove instead. ;p
what about the customers?	how do they call the waiters..
Amazon.com! 15 plus shipping.	Wow! Ok. So, I did that. And I love you.
Haha, wow. This beats the launch team advising you that an empty launch is a waste of their valuable time. newlinechar  newlinechar What are these errors from?	Ejecting and trying to board a ship too soon.
You better not step foot in there again. The kitchen is my domain. 	... true. Hahaha tables = turned
what?	:| 
A fellow Heart Lake alumnus by any chance?	Yep :D both me and my brother were in school when he was, my bother had a class with him, said he was weird and that was about it.
As an actor who has lost his wife he sure has lost is wife in a lot of films, I guess some actors just play who they are.	Batman Begins was before he lost his wife. Though his wife dying does seem to be a recurring motif, in fact and fiction.
Mossberg 590 A1 with my bayonet. newlinechar 	Remind me to not go to the school with you...
So UNM orientations are already going on eh? im glad you found that by the kiva c:	[](/ajsup 'Small world, huh?') Yeah, they are! Would this be the, eh, perpetrator?
I'm saying that I hardly ever hear of non-Jewish and non-Muslims getting circumcised. So why is it a hypocritical *Christian* mom?	Oh, wait that's what you're trying to say? newlinechar  newlinechar I went to Southern Money Christian Private School in my youth and it was a topic of disgust and gossip if anyone was uncircumcised (usually Indian kids). Christians often get their kids circumcised, really often.
[*i AM LE DRUNK* **I NEED LE UPBOATS**](//#couragewolf)	[*you're* **drunk**](//#couragewolf) [*I'm* **high**](//#typicalredditor) newlinechar  newlinechar [*let us* **bake a**](//#clarinetkid) [*pizza* **pie**](//#Carlton)
Those.	Mmmm.... those...
Don't worry! It's just your hair, your milky white complexion and rosy cheeks. All you need to do to stop this comparison if you don't like it is change your hair style.	It's also the face shape and complexion, though.
Take me with you! *cries*	It's ok, Smuggy. You got me. ;)
Here is an extremely relevant counterpoint from Asia Times Online: newlinechar  newlinechar **A Western spin on Chinese 'xenophobia'** newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.atimes.com/atimes/China/NF01Ad02.html	&gt;That some Western media have seized on recent occurrences as proof of widespread xenophobia in China reveals more about Western insecurities towards a rising China than it does about attitudes within China itself.    newlinechar    newlinechar That's a bingo! A nice article, thanks for sharing.
SEMANTICS!!! the more I look, the more amazed I am.	Not really, arcade boxes are flimsy as shit compared to ATMs. Regardless, a lot of damage could still have been done.
VE FUCKS YOU UP LEBOWSKI newlinechar 	IT'S NOT ***FAIR*** newlinechar  newlinechar who're the nihilists here?!
[My first computer.](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d5/Sabu_with_his_Tandy_1000_Computer.jpg) Tandy. Good times. 	Bad luck kitty: Owner owns a computer; Reddit hasn't been made yet. 
Fuck yeah, back stories -[8]	I love reading stories at a [7]!  Fantastic neighbour.  Sorry to hear about the breakup.
to be fair, this method has worked for friends of mine with bachelors degrees in: poly sci, physics, business, electrical engineering, math, and economics. 	And Comp Sci/Eng dropouts, like me. :)  I also work with a guy, in the same role, that has two science/engineering PhDs and a masters.  It's better money than what he could make otherwise, right out of school.  
I would love to see a before and after.	I can confirm that advice to be extremely effective. newlinechar  newlinechar [ME BEFORE](http://i.imgur.com/s96Xc.jpg)   newlinechar AND   newlinechar [ME AFTER](http://i.imgur.com/myiCb.jpg)
Whatever it was is gone now.	I feel like I need to know what was here.
3rd timer here... i am nervous, but am a straight veteran of this dance now. i put in the hours this time, no dicking around for me! good luck everyone!	Good luck to the both of us!
No, as a Russian you're already drunk.	mustye forgot
You and your grammar sound about 15. Don't worry about it. There are plenty of fish in the sea.	More like 11. 
OP could conceivably get rabies if scratched by the raccoon's nail. This is how most bat-bourn rabies is spread--the bat licks its nails, which then scratch the victim in passing--and not in fact by bat bites!	In my line of work I'm more likely to get bit by the bat than scratched. Then again thats why I have rabies vaccination. 
Challenge accepted.	rule 34?
for 10secs?	I assumed it counted as an air vehicle, not sure why.
http://i.imgur.com/DMSnR.jpg	... remember that 'we need a new hostile overworld mob' thread?
I appreciated this remark, it felt like a witty comeback. I also wasnt bothered by the initial comment too much, so I upvoted both. 	I appreciated your explanation of your modest stance, and also the modesty it took to take it. Upvote sir. 
I ain't even afraid of my pending hangover! Probably.	Drunk balls. let's conquer our hangovers. I have aspirin, a glass of water(in a fishbowl), and an energy drink in preparation. 
NOW you tell me	Before you buy anything else, you must learn the ins and outs of the TF2 Trade Economy.
They don't have to be poor, they could just be trying to save some cash man	That's probably the better way to say it. :)
LOL! I've wondered the same thing &gt;.&lt;	I mean, not that it really matters that much. [The painting itself is much more important than its frame, after all!](http://i.imgur.com/UPbp6.png)
Works all the time 50% of the time!	60%
What is that? Maybe he will share it with me. 	Ecstasy
Is it a bad thing?	You want people to think that you constantly have an erection?
Yeah, Phantasmal Image wasn't warp the format broken or anything, but was also way undercosted at 1U and probably shouldn't be reprinted. newlinechar  newlinechar I do remember Forscythe or someone saying that if they could redo M12, Image wouldve cost 2U, but don't quote me on that.	Yea, for sure. However, Image is a great answer to all the stupid hexproof legends. Here's hoping we see less of that mechanic post-rotation.
LETS HAVE A PARTY	I could agree to this.
So let me get this straight.. RB, X X and that does it?	yes, RB to toss, then XX when you want to detonate it.. you can detonate it as fast as you let it go, i've killed myself a ton of times by detonating too quick.
Good to hear.  But just saying, it should be different. Don't give him 24 hours to talk to other students and prepare.  Had a fellow classmate do this on a hard-ass test.  Completely fucked up the curve.	I think he knows how to test students, I mean, he is a teacher and all. 
You mean leaked for publicity? 	What?!? That would never happen! I'm sure some evil genius hacker stole those pics from her cell phone. Those were private pics, never intended for public viewing.  
http://i.imgur.com/Yl28Q.png	http://i.imgur.com/KtXRh.png
this is the goddamn truth. Really though, it's fascinating how big it is.	it's not even very big today! but i'll take that as a compliment!
I know exactly how you feel! I play a witch doctor btw. Let's play together sometime.	Dude. You seem like an awesome professor. I'm jealous of your students.  
No, not nothing, you learned that Amazon reviews are useless when it comes to flashlights. 	Essential stuff right there. I'm pretty sure OP is set for life, now.
Let me pick up the pieces of my heart first... newlinechar  newlinechar It's good, but like all the Ponies IRL pictures, it just makes me sad that it's not real.	I cry for the incredibly relevant fanfic...
you know what they say about huge hands....	they say 'damn son, you got big hands'
*gay joke involving boobs*	gay Doogie Howser joke... involving boobs.
MidWars will keep the people who like the DotA style MOBA, but don't want to try. I've been getting into big discussions of why several of my friends who have beta access won't switch to dota 2. They don't like having to adjust, and Mid Wars is just roflbalanced.	mid wars is hilarious and is the only kind of HoN I still play
prolly for the same reason as Violentacrez: he's best buds with hueypriest.	Yup.
I'd like to offer Waffle-Carrot-Retard too.	i will brook no insult against my carrot waffles. newlinechar  newlinechar they are *not* low-effort.
Well, in a way, I would think this is the perfect relationship for women: affection without the 'pressure' for sex.	As long as I can still *have* the sex. I want the sex without any pressure.
Not always, Ive always thought of the scumbag memes as doing something thats a shitty thing to do.. like this scumbag boomer generation meme 'creates most of the worlds problems' 'figures kids will solve them once theyve retired' theres no contradiction there, just shitty-ness..	Don't worry, he'll try to find a comback. newlinechar  newlinechar *Let's just wait*
The g-spot has a pretty distinctive texture to it, he could most likely recognize it without their help.	It's not only that, there really aren't too many places your fingers could get lost.
*claps hands* newlinechar  newlinechar We're done here. Next question.	The next question will be this one rephrased a bit differently. I guarantee it. 
That's what I was thinking.	That's a self-done karma shot if I've ever seen one.  newlinechar  newlinechar Dude saw 'Workaholics' on Netflix, and thought 'I could do the same thing...and get imaginary internet points for it!'
I don't think i've ever felt worse than i did after a really bad game of LoL. Nor did I ever feel better than having a fully functional cooperative team.  newlinechar  newlinechar This game has the highest highs and lowest lows man. So addictive.	highest highs, lowest lows. So addictive.  newlinechar EXACTLY how i feel after certain games.  newlinechar you summed it up literally in sync to my brain. newlinechar very nice Summoner. &lt;3 for you
 -_- Thanks for the morale booster! Is there a rail system i could take?	Nope. That's a series of looooong bus transfers.
It is known. newlinechar  newlinechar Wait...	hodor newlinechar  newlinechar (i'm sorry)
[](/ajsup) Hang around the subreddit. I'm pretty sure Speedy'll post it when/if he makes it.	[](/flutterfear) Wait, which one?  I'm just here for the AMA. newlinechar  newlinechar Haha what am I getting myself into...
Or she has teeth or claws inside of her vagina.  Have you checked for teeth or claws, Ballsey?	http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/ucell/yesterday_i_had_a_my_ovary_removed_because_of_a/
Makes you wonder if Nibali even has a chance at this years Tour de France. You'd think it'd be smarter to just 'hold' transfer discussions until after the race you're aiming at for the year, but I guess it's really not that easy.	I thnk he does, because Liquigas want the result and don't really have any other options. newlinechar  newlinechar They are better off getting a win for their sponsors and then saying good bye to Nibali than wasting three weeks riding round France. newlinechar  newlinechar Maybe I'm naive though.
[Here](http://www.reddit.com/r/battlestations/comments/uf32q/upgraded_my_battlestation_new_case_psu_lights/) is the r/battlestations post complete with an album of my new PC setup. For the last 2 months it has been my Mass Effect Sanctuary.	Needs green lights, too!
I was dared to lick the pole. I did it. Pole or pole? 	Well hello said friend! Pole, obviously.
Yeah The Road definitely takes the cake in terms of depressing, but good films	Nay, The Seventh Continent does.  newlinechar  newlinechar Actually, anything by Michael Haneke.
Yes, yes you do.	You have a right to be annoyed with whatever you want... This post is stupid, what other answer did you honestly expect? 
Sharks? newlinechar Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa, whoa, whoa. This is not my batman cup. 	The sharks are not the ones you're thinking of. They're a lot smaller, but otherwise pretty similar. I think they're called dogfish shark. 
Thomas Jefferson would be so fucking pissed if he knew folks couldn't get their hands on FourLoko	Seriously. Bitch was crazy. Hell, he probably took straight cocoa leaves and distilled it with moonshine for the same effect.
Or Camelot.	Or Cargo shorts
FFXIII takes awhile to get into, kind of like Brink. And then you can't stop. .___. newlinechar And thank you for the warm welcome. ^_^ {curtsies}	I really did try, but I just couldn't push myself past 20 hours of it.
Spongebob and vodka ALWAYS go well together.  	he cuddles way better than the ex did anyway
It's actually laughable how easy inferno Is for dhs with garbage gear, my barb is wearing almost 25 mil worth of items and has a very very hard time with act 3.	Im in 14 mil worth and I get stomped out in act 2. Barbs are bullshit.
Translations are 'Degenerate music: A reckoning by State Councillor Dr. H.S. Ziegler', for anyone wondering	Nigger - Jew... I'm surprised to see that in a 73 year old poster. But then again I am not surprised to see it in the information age everywhere in different forms.
Do they ask about underage drinking? newlinechar  newlinechar If so, I might have to reconsider enlistment.	I know many who have joined with under-ages and other misdemeanor's. Be honest and you shouldn't have too many problems
Ouch, but justified	What were you showing? The gameplay? The code itself isn't available.
I'm sorry it sucks so much. :( People have been complaining about AMP a lot. Really too bad. newlinechar  newlinechar If it's any consolation, I had a migraine today so am also feeling behind. Good times.	Sorry to hear that!
Bookmarked to watch later, ty fellow monk. newlinechar  newlinechar The only question, I'm in hardcore so how reliant is it on not being ok to ever die?	Yeah don't thank him till you've watched it...
As a Canadian, I winced.	As a canadian I laughed my ass off
4th grade will be full of surprises too. Don't worry. 	4th grade was the first time I was ever introduced to sex-ed in school. Holy fuck was 4th grade full of surprises!
Looks like some stupid sheep motherfucker downvoted you. I thought this was a fucking thread for unpopular opinions. Sorry, but this is one of the things about reddit that really fucking irritates me. Opinions are only welcome if they agree with the hivemind.	the circlejerk-effect is strong here.
I can't make out everything Youk is saying, care to enlighten me?	I believe it was 'fantastic knit!' I think he was commenting on a fans red sox sweater.
have you considering disclosing on your profile? newlinechar  newlinechar i mean, it would save you the trouble of anyone who wasn't comfortable with it. that's my logic, at least. works for me! not murdered yet!	I don't know if that's an option.  I'd be terrified if someone I'm not out to saw it and word got around.  I prefer to remain stealth if possible.
Yes. This always cracks me up when someone teabags me when they finally get me after i've killed them a bunch of times. newlinechar  newlinechar 'Now we're 1 - 5 you must feel proud'	I pride myself in killing my nemesis. I don't care how long it takes, but I get them back in a unique and glorious way.
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3pj5pn/	GOLD!
Jimmy Neutron maybe? newlinechar  newlinechar Were you having a brain blast when that photo was taken?	I've been told I look like jimmy, I don't see it though
You should ask that on yahoo answers 	Then screencap, post to reddit, use the title 'Seems Legit.' Receive 3000 upvotes from the 10-15 crowd.
As you would expect for a macroeconomist and nobel prize winner talking about macroeconomics with two people whose whole economic experience is at the micro level. 	I was told there would be no math.
I assume there is an optimum location for the ridges for greatest stability and least amount of raw material used.	I agree. And the likelihood that those locations match up with the locations of 1, 5, and 12 oz volumes is very slim.
Excuse me sir, but do you attend Lewis and Clark?	Probs PCC
He lives in the southern most house in Icirrus city, it's only accessible in winter	Mind = blown.
usuallygetsmearrested.jpg	They have a picture for that?
Maybe Lyanna if they ever do Robert's Rebellion in depth.	Lyanna &amp; Arya are supposed to look very similar. I don't really see her achieving that.
Yes.	This sounds even better.
&gt;About a quarter of the people who contract Chagas develop enlarged heart or intestines that can burst causing sudden death. newlinechar  newlinechar Huh, would you look at that.	No, I wouldn't.
Drunk balls. let's conquer our hangovers. I have aspirin, a glass of water(in a fishbowl), and an energy drink in preparation. 	Fuck it I gotta be up at 6 am!  newlinechar  newlinechar I got eggs, water, and ibuprofen! I ain't fraid of shit!
Be there done that. Those scumbag dealers, who take they're sweet ass time can suck it.	At the same time, dealers are risking their ass by servicing people's bud habits, so if they need to take their sweet ass time from time to time...well, at least they're getting it!
I was considering that. I definitely would if I could find a feebas...	How bout a Magikarp? :)
Well, considering he is homosexual, I'd say he could mean either.	Ah.  Did not know that.
I've attempted suicide. Tell him 'I'm glad you're still here, Dad'. Tell him it gets better, and that he needs to believe in himself, because you believe in him. newlinechar  newlinechar 	It's times like these where downvoters on reddit confuse me
You really think someone who's into solo cup R&amp;D is going to make more than 100k a year? the real world's gonna really suck for you. newlinechar Edit: yeah, *Sure, Buddy.*	Well, he is J. Pierpont Morgan, no wonder he's used to high salaries.
i appreciate you :)	Know that you will always find love at r/drunk. That is my solemn promise. A fellow drunk to another :)
Crossbow is currently the only option on that front.  Not really worth it unless you're prepared to use it on zombies too.	I really, really want them to improve the crossbow.  Give it a scope or accurate sights ffs, it's not a bad idea to have one in a situation like DayZ!
The fucking guy at the Verizon store peeled off the front plastic on my iPhone.  I will never fucking forget.	What a dirtbag.
No.  Thank you.  And try not to run with those scissors, maiden.  	i'll do my best, but i do have them tattooed on my arm so its kinda hard not to!
at Valve time newlinechar 	Sooooo never?
It was better than my initial comment which would have been 'Hey, you with the tits. Nice tits,' so I went with the lesser or two evils.	HOW DO YOU KNOW WHAT MY TITS LOOK LIKE newlinechar  newlinechar CREEP newlinechar  newlinechar ):
Well, they happen to be for sale, if you happen to be a size 8M-ish.	Nope v.v damn.
Twee &amp; Honey, KBShimmer, The Hungry Asian, Nailventurous, Cult Nails...	Thanks! Looks like I'll have a lovely evening of researching after work! 
Sure friend ^^. anything really, I can hardly figure out how to post (I feel old)	Well first you need to slap [Reddit Enhancement Suite](http://redditenhancementsuite.com) on your browser. Makes it 1000000 times easier. Then you need to download [some of these](http://www.reddit.com/r/mylittlepony/comments/t9u9x/my_little_scripts_2_the_scriptpocalypse_guide_to/) so you can see other emotes and read their text easier!
[aw, snap!](http://www.googlechromefans.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/10/awsnap1.jpg) 	[x_x](http://www.elfnet.org/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/chromeplugincrash.jpg)
I wish I knew how to make a GIF, because when Iroh pulled him in, that is when I shed the first tear.	that's what I want to see a gif of too. 
Hehe yeah I got home from work and checked out my pots that I just put together on Monday, and saw that little guy! My boyfriend thinks I'm crazy :P	Why yes, I do think you are crazy.
[*you're* **drunk**](//#couragewolf) [*I'm* **high**](//#typicalredditor) newlinechar  newlinechar [*let us* **bake a**](//#clarinetkid) [*pizza* **pie**](//#Carlton)	[*le meet me in*](/kyot)[*le michigan*](/bigs)[*and ill cee yuo*](/gooby3)[*there*](/dolanfull)
Restaurant: Impossible (on Food Network with host Robert Irvine) would work well for this too.  It's basically the same show with 20% less British screaming.	Less British screaming, but way more douche if you ask me. It drives me crazy when he screams at/condescends to the carpenters or the interior designer.
I like having it amongst my subreddits.  It's a nice break from all the politics and atheism posts that get to the front page	&gt;from all the politics and atheism posts newlinechar  newlinechar you mean obama and gay marriage posts, right?
Just wanna note that I think it's cool another trans person has such a close user name to my own.  I have to do a double-take every time you post.  'I don't remember writing that... oh...'	ahaha i hadnt seen your username before. this is great!
They look the same, but the cases are different. It's hard to explain if you're unfamiliar with German grammar, but the possesive form ending is the same for these two cases (for the specific gender x755x uses).	Could you repeat the part where you said the stuff about things?
I had a friend that went to a symphony on DXM.  He said it was mind-blowing.	Oh man, that sounds awesome. DXM gave me music appreciation that I've yet to come across in any other drug. It lasted for about a week after each trip too. Pretty interesting stuff.
I've got more of her done and will upload them as a regular sprite sheet similar to the other character skins. I'm guessing a transparent PNG. The size right now was just to make it easier for people to see instead of zooming in.	Awesome. And yes, a transparent PNG is exactly what I'm looking for
618 nigga I ain't playin! newlinechar 	Dude.... Me too! Edwardsville
He wants to work at a club for more then a fortnight. 	Dalglish and Hodgson were given so much time.
My wife wants to know how you foster without becoming REALLY attached?	I know that I am getting her healthy so she can go to her forever home.
I just give the ladies wine coolers, they say beer is gross. They're idiots.	Wine cooler make whiny girls cool.
Peewee Herman tried that once.	Except that was in a porno theater. Big difference!
Seriously. Bitch was crazy. Hell, he probably took straight cocoa leaves and distilled it with moonshine for the same effect.	Thank you for not taking my joke too seriously.
Ruff crowd.	He's just barking up the wrong tree.
One Rich Asshole Called Larry Ellison	Considering how Larry sees himself as a Japanese warlord, I wonder if he'll demand [seppuku](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seppuku) or at least [yubitsume](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yubitsume) from his legal team.
[Ignore the terrible music here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyq5P1yPUGM&amp;t=30s) newlinechar  newlinechar [One without the bad music](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oNWltcHSDng&amp;t=1m) newlinechar  newlinechar [How about winning a game with 1 point left on the nexus?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RU7agY5I4ig&amp;t=23m42s) newlinechar  newlinechar So yes, those 1 points can indeed be important.	Well, to be fair, these are only *three* examples of the many games that have been played in League of Legends. These videos don't prove anything. newlinechar  newlinechar But that 1 point on the nexus one was pretty impressive.
Haha yep, and its a pain in the ass too. newlinechar Only caused by sniper rifles IIRC, I'm not sure though	Pain in the ass? I LOVE sniping pilots on Isla Innocentes. With a GOL and 12x it's pretty easy when they come over that ridge after take off.
Well, Lovecraft never claimed to be a prophet, it would be out of character. It was attributed to him much, much later. But yea, last night I had a dream where I got 100 comment karma off this comment, and lo, it shall happen.	Prophet!
Well, kinda. Thing is, I just wanted the community to grow under the supervision of an individual with prior mod experience in an extremely parallel market.	I wonder if SortCodeify realizes that being a mod just makes your life harder. I for one enjoy that you made this subreddit. Thanks.
He has Raman noodles for hair! Why?! 	It was sexy as fuck then!!!
That escalated quickly.	Crescendo'd.
David Bowie	Can he do it in song form?
no...he's right. that dude in the front row in the first part of the gif is [Jesse Heiman](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm1035503/).	HE'S EVERYWHERE!
Well fuck, the shit shit reddit says says...	You just gave me a great idea for a new subreddit
Then our whole population will be wiped out by a bacteria picked up from a dirty telephone. 	Not this time, we learned our lesson from the Golgafrinchans. One of our A Ark guys thought to make all of the public telephone mouthpieces out of copper. A business guy tried to argue that it wasn't really cost effective, but fortunately that business guy was on the B Ark.
'.google' and '.youtube' are terrible and redundant. 	Google is probably just trying to protect its brand name more than anything else. Unless they like spending hundreds of thousands of dollars just to troll masses of internet users.
I want to live where you live where EVERYONE has a Datsun!	If Ratsun was a city..
one orange contains [3.1 grams of fiber and 12.2 grams of sugar](http://caloriecount.about.com/calories-oranges-i9200).   newlinechar  newlinechar tropicana lots of pulp orange juice has [0 grams of fiber and 22 grams of sugar](http://www.tropicana.com) newlinechar  newlinechar So I'm going to go with, not even close.	And that's for 8 fluid ounces.  Nobody drinks 8 fluid ounces.
I already blow one up every turn if I get charmbreaker going, so why not go for 2 a turn at least.	I like you. 
It's also the face shape and complexion, though.	I don't know. Tin Tin has such a perfectly round face and head. Thomson96 doesn't really.
Not clickin that.	relax. it's just a picture of a dick.
Bro, I think cleverbot outsmarted you. You just never noticed.	Fuck you we WON. It was like the scene at the end of the matrix when neo stops the bullets and shit. FUCK YOU ROBOTS
im 18, he had me when he was 20 or so	Again, my bad. Please forgive me.
At a Lakers game, if the Lake Show scores more than 100 while keeping their opponent under 100, the fans get two free tacos from Jack in the Box. I don't know if you've ever been, but those are the best fucking tacos in the world, hands down. 	&gt; free tacos from Jack in the Box. I don't know if you've ever been, but those are the best fucking tacos in the world, hands down newlinechar  newlinechar I've got my hands *down* on that one.
What do you call a baby with a broken jaw? newlinechar  newlinechar Best blowjob ever.	Best part about baby handjobs?   newlinechar Dick looks bigger in the pictures.
You just broke the first AND second rule.	Don't give a fuck.
How did the... cockroach get in her throat in the first place...	She was trying to coax it to pull out the spoon she had just swallowed.
Lieberman has Facebook?	Pretty sure he does. Surprisingly enough, that's not him.
That's like, a lot of 20 sided dice. I think I'd need all of my nerd friends and all of their friends and their friends friends to pull that off.	Best Darwin award ever if they ended up being too heavy to breathe beside.
It's a person looking at me through a fence	You clever bastard.
But that's like buying a dog's love with a treat. 	Is it better to buy it with a threat of eternal hell?
I feel like no one knows this and the media bullshit right now has people literally fucking trying to get high on bath salts. They are various quasi-legal research chemicals made in a chinese guy's bathtub. Stay away.	No shit! I already dumped out my Kiwi-Lavender scented bath salts onto a spoon which I had held above a lighter for a couple seconds before reading on. newlinechar Darwin almost had me!
[How I feel about you](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmTRFvZ_Cp4)	i like you guys.
Wow, this is so good. No mention of CDBs though?	Further research on the effects of Desert boot use on MFA users' psyches needs to be conducted before CDB usage can be incorporated into the simulation.
Yeah, but he was just glad to be on the show.  newlinechar  newlinechar He still has the bike hanging up in his garage, so wasn't a total loss. 	I laughed pretty hard at that, but damn that's still awesome.
some people get trapped in reddit.	Any time, now...
Is it just me or is this a double standard?   newlinechar  newlinechar There are areas straight people can live without feeling comfortable going to the gym / walking down the street, afraid of being harassed by gay dudes?	I've never lived anywhere where an agreed sexuality was a necessary component of the living situation. So, no; I don't think it's a double standard. 
I have never heard a better name for anything in my life. 	what life? newlinechar 
http://www.lifesitenews.com/news/archive/ldn/2010/jan/10010507 newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,581882,00.html newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.thedailybeast.com/newsweek/blogs/nurture-shock/2009/12/30/some-kids-are-never-spanked-do-they-turn-out-better.html newlinechar  newlinechar These and all other sources say the study consisted of 2,600. newlinechar  newlinechar 	&gt;It involves interviews of 2,600 people and their adolescent children every three years for the next 20 years.
I just bought it, primarily because I saw a preview of it awhile ago and it looked like a really fun physics puzzler/platformer, but that professor's pineapple was definitely a tipping point.  FYI, they're paintable :3	They're paintable **AND** they glow in the dark. newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah.
Hey! you still use the mysql_ functions! youre neither an expert nor pro! newlinechar  newlinechar http://repo.phpexperts.pro/source/redditmirror.cc/annotate/head:/index.php#L53	Would you expect anyone bearing a name like that to actually be an expert and professional? I sure wouldn't! It sounds like a name that a 12-year old would pick. The code kind of reflects that too.
http://www.google.com/products/catalog?hl=en&amp;tok=vKvOQshYtB7fX1K8pLpJXQ&amp;pq=i52500k&amp;cp=1&amp;gs_id=d&amp;xhr=t&amp;q=i5+2500k&amp;bav=on.2,or.r_gc.r_pw.r_qf.,cf.osb&amp;ion=1&amp;biw=944&amp;bih=951&amp;bs=1&amp;um=1&amp;ie=UTF-8&amp;tbm=shop&amp;cid=6241366433756866403&amp;sa=X&amp;ei=K03IT4eyDea02gXqsbjbDQ&amp;sqi=2&amp;ved=0CHEQ8wIwAQ newlinechar  newlinechar On sale it's the same price yes.  Normally it's not.  I payed $120 for my Phenom II x6 1090t.	That price is always the price microcenter sells at. Take a look at any of their cpu's and compare the price to newegg. Minimum of $40 cheaper on every cpu. newlinechar  newlinechar And I paid $130 for my 1100T. 
Are you kidding? I love We Came As Romans! :D Thank you. This song is amazing!	FUCK YES! August Burns Red? Of Mice &amp; Men? The Word Alive? Memphis May Fire? Its not often that people on Reddit approve of my taste in music
My friends and me*	Me and my friends?
[Better picture of her face for you](http://www.imdb.com/media/rm2388963328/nm0259433)  newlinechar  newlinechar I'd say she was pretty damn hot.	I take back my previous statement... Lol
Please share with me your secrets on how to form a group. When I don't play with IRL friends, I run into nothing but opportunists. And the few people who actually want to stick together never have mics.	/r/dayz  newlinechar  newlinechar There's a reddit teamspeak, you can find the IP in the Reddit DayZ steam group, which is in the sidebar. There are all sorts of people there willing to work together. 
That also means I can have two or three at once :-)	*Brainsplosion*
Its more confusing to me from a culinary standpoint. Who measures cooking oil in inches? Ounces or tablespoons would be far more common.	Not necessarily; When frying it is common in recipes to be told to use a certain number of inches because of varying Wok/fryer sizes.
'Sir, have you ever heard the one about the soldier who accidentally fired a live round instead of a blank? By the way, this relates to your daughter.'	 NO, I SWEAR SHE'S STILL ALIVE. It was a metaphor for getting her pregnant!
[](/flutterjerk 'Becaruse no one loves you.')	Well, that was... blunt.
You should repost this in r/upskirt	I had no idea that subreddit existed. Thanks for increasing my viewing and posting pleasure!
Are the two not one and the same?	They are like squares and rectangles.
Don't forget those sexy eyes. Slut eyes. Slutty slutty eyes. 	On a serious note, damn they are sexy.
In reply of sarcasm. I suppose I'm a happier writer than most. Nice writing to you. Night. :)	night 
MANOWAR!	MANOWAR?
See that yue do.	Bring your boomerang, 'cuz it's toph out there.
^^^right	^^^this&amp;nbsp;is&amp;nbsp;cool
Buolding a base. Something Florida sports teams forgot to do.	The Heat really should work on buolding bases. 
Because that demonstrates reliability right out of the gate.	Certainly preferable to showing up wearing a bike lock like a fashion statement.
That is why when i works out i only work me biceps and pecs cos that makes me big	Yes, but make sure you eat the tuna 2.5 hours before you squat with whey.
Yes, but it's one of my favorites, so thank you! I need to watch this gif daily and then be able to conquer the world.	Fuck yeah! I have 'every start may be a sun to someone' tattooed on my back [from I believe chapter 3 of Cosmos]. People think it's some sort of fancy love quote, and then I like to tell them it's just about the possibility of life on other planets. 
&gt;but NEVER wear socks with them newlinechar  newlinechar IMO, if you're going to wear pants, then you should wear socks. If your shoes don't go with socks, then wear different shoes or wear shorts. Full length pants with no socks looks ridiculous.	Also, in a climate like Houston, no socks smells disgusting.
Not Mae Whitman?	I've never gotten that one before, but I can see it a tad more than the others!
tree farm	ahh, I thought they were mentioning some glitch..saplings I suppose could grow enough wood to have tons of charcoal, but you're still going to need to harvest it all...
And also that rattlesnack-bitten exposed arm.  FUCK this is so much heebie-geebier!  *shivvers*  Ackkkk!	Pretty sure it's because everyone has, at one point or another, experienced pain due to nail related injury. newlinechar  newlinechar This made me gag. The arm? Not so much.
But, there aren't any Assault Troopers on Wave 10...	Depends on the difficulty. They're everywhere on Bronze, and might be on Silver as well.
I have this shirt and goddamit, I'll buy your theory.	I have this theory and goddammit, I'll buy your shirt.
NO, DRAVEN!!	So... no hope for everyone rallying behind an Eve buff, then?
[Nope](http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/all-about-addiction/201101/even-when-you-know-its-fake-the-strength-the-placebo-effect), even if you know the placebo is a placebo, it still helps.  Odd but true.	&gt;Patients in the placebo condition were also told about the placebo effect and that such inactive sugar pills have been shown to produce significant mind-body self-healing processes. newlinechar  newlinechar They told them the pills would do something. They believed it.
Maybe we need a hard-ass-pedal-on-glass bikeit and one where normal people ask normal questions.	Yeah, warm water.. pretty hardcore!
...ew	Shit just got real! Lol
Seconded!	thirded!
Thank you for the tip! I'll totally move it, i had no idea! I saw bones an thought, hey! how specific and awesome! Where should it go, biology?	Yeah, maybe!  And you can leave it here.  It's interesting!
Thanks asshole. You just ruined my surprise guest.  newlinechar  newlinechar Just don't tell people who the DJ is going to be. Hint: It starts with 'N' and ends in 'libs.'	What about communists?
They're in the secret patch that's gonna nerf Xin Zhao, Tryndamere, Mordekaiser, and Akali. All these guys are just WAY too OP, so Riot is gonna nerf them in secret.	omg plz narf tronndomore he op he do teh spin and kill meh 1 shot omg :(
Are there?  I see a lot more people making fun of the fan boys than I see actual fan boys.	the community proactively responding to fanboy infection
She missed out, in my opinion. Animals as Leaders makes me so fucking wet. But then again, I have a thing for prog metal, so there you go. 	MARRY ME newlinechar    newlinechar Er... Sorry. newlinechar    newlinechar I've never met a girl who likes prog metal so I got a little excited^but^seriously^marry^me
Hey, she said she didn't have any money. She'll get it after she works for it.	its like a 'damn... i have to deal with this.... and im super hungry'
Eggselent!	That was a terrible eggsample of a pun.
lol. she's terran though. cheese is hard to do vs terran	Everything's hard against Terran. Besides, would you recommend a gold leaguer play a macro game against a Grandmasters player? Hell no.
Surround a single block on all sides with vines and let it grow.	Like [this!](http://i.imgur.com/KHLJ7.jpg)
Can't it was one of those time that my cat was climbing on me and I angled my laptop the right way.	The artifacts were driving me nuts too, [so I took the liberty of fixing it for you](http://i.imgur.com/XEb9q.png). newlinechar  newlinechar Now if only your webcam didn't take pictures in ant size resolution...
http://imgur.com/l3hqV	[yeah bro, sorry] (http://i.imgur.com/ELkXo.gif)
[](/thehorror 'An Atomic Rainbomb can't stop a fully awakened Fluttershy!') newlinechar [](/twisquint 'Activate the Low Orbit Compassion Array.')	[](/raritynews 'We've just received a report:  The array's targeting systems have been disabled.  We think it was Fluttershy.')[](/pinkiefear 'What should we do now?')
the reigning hide-and-seek world champion	http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lkjsh5sNE41qa9txao1_500.png
I will give you your crops back for three diamonds.	It's like you're doing work for the villagers and getting paid for the work.
No, but it does prevent it from connecting to a ton of wireless access point, and that costs juice.  Active antennas cost a lot of power for some reason. newlinechar  newlinechar Though I'm no expert, I'm just echoing battery saving tips I've heard before.	I've also heard that since it's actively searching for new networks, even more battery is wasted.
Ithaca College... *pretentious Cornell snicker*	I'm a music major... *Snicker that says 'Why the fuck would I even LOOK at Cornell?'*
Okay... [edit] Lay off the bottle, *and* the stuff	'I......declare......BANKRUPTCYYYY!!'
SORRY! I have a deep fascination with the macabre and have a horrible morbid side so I tend to make light of violence, though rape is something I really need to lear to stop making light of.	Macabre and morbid? If I were a single woman I'd be asking you out now.
Well our governor really didn't think the world needed anymore of us, then my advisor/department head informed him otherwise. We liked to show that our applied anthros have created or influenced more job creation than he.  newlinechar  newlinechar http://prezi.com/vmvomt3sj3fd/this-is-anthropology/ newlinechar  newlinechar 	Hello fellow Floridian.
They know they're dying. newlinechar  newlinechar What kind of record-company backed songs have you listened to in the last decade that you absolutely know are Canadian?	Protest The Hero, Cancer Bats, Comeback Kid, Silverstein, Alexisonfire were all Canadian favourites of mine during the last decade. I dont plan on playing any of these bands at any parties Im hosting, ever. Unless they can come in person
honestly...90% of the people on here like STYG so it belongs.	I agree with this guy. Personally I don't ever plan on subbing to /r/hardcore, but i appreciate the OP's post.
We talk a lot about faith. I don't push it, and I believe that when the time comes he will find the truth again. 	While you can believe that it's a bit like marrying a criminal and telling yourself you can change him. Just don't get your hopes up.
Dude it's bing not boom. How could you forget!!	BING! ah ah ah ah ah!
Reverse genders, hilarity ensues.	If a bearded woman tried to kiss _me_, I'd give her that look. 
Non-programmers (like myself) always assume even the most rudimentary thing is near impossible	Actually, for the diorama mode, the only changes that would need to be made would probably be to add a boolean or flag or some type of field that prevents the world and other entities from updating. Also, solemn ambience is a must.
Mine as well.	Oh look, a Turkish massage owl! Oh look, a bat!
Uncharted series does it for me. newlinechar 	I so want to play uncharted, but alas, am without a ps3
[Sauce](http://braukoly.deviantart.com/gallery/30555206)	You are amazingly brilliant and I love you. newlinechar This.
I think that has a lot less to do with the amount of sauce and a lot more to do with the quality of the crust. 	Probably has a lot to do with it, maybe I've just always liked the places that make their pies with more sauce
Oh I thought it was the cost in dollars.	Oddly enough a fancy 1911 costs around 2k. Conspiracy!?!?
I had to do [it](http://www.reddit.com/r/Minecraft/comments/uf5p3/rminecraft_lately/)... I was thinking it, then you said it. I had to. newlinechar  newlinechar 	had to delete for fear of the massive onslaught of downvotes that was about to occur. I guess some people don't understand satire.
Also shift right click in Windows Explorer to open a command prompt at the current directory. Does anyone know if there is a way to make this run as administrator by default?	If you search there are ways to add to the right click menu. I would find it but currently on my phone.
The Lannisters are totally videotaping other teams' plays.  Plus their lead quarterback is an adonis type who can't throw for shit now.	Is Wes Welker going to shoot Belichik with a cross bow?
It is an underrated block. I find it quite useful in all sorts of ways, but then I never destroy any blocks in a 'garbage disposal' method because I am able to find uses for them all.	^ Minecraft MacGyver
Apparently, it's because they raised enough money in each of the 50 states to qualify.	So the Wikipedia quote was pretty much a waste of time, then?
Talk about, I'm so conflicted right now. I'll just wait and see how much of this is actually true.	Well at least your source of conflict is the biased commentary of the opposing party. I have to deal with Roddy White, one of my favourite on-field players, himself saying tons of shit that makes me not like him as a person.
You want to know what actually sucks? newlinechar  newlinechar When I realized at age 19 that my parents will always be proud of, and support me and the person who was putting the unrealistic expectations on me was myself.	that doesnt seem sad to me
How is this an investment? I would say its hobby/entertainment money ever spent.	If they end up going to the playoffs or World Series, he could sell a few tickets and possibly end up paying off his entire season ticket package plus a bit extra. But yes, it is premature to call this an investment :)
... God shits on the kaiser... Oh wow.	It shall never be unheard, not even when explained. newlinechar 
The fuck is this?	Looks like the results of face analysis software as used on the posted image.
I looked at it for a full minute trying to figure out how it works until I saw the other mount but it does seem complicated.	I literally was using my hands to 'grab' the rear wheel and the bottom bracket wondering how the hell it worked.  Then I saw the front shock mount, it kind of blends in.
You still exist in a physical form though. Even if you're cremated. I guess the only way you wouldn't exist anymore is some sort of 'death beam', if you will. 	Great,  your giving Christians ideas like that.
right job	good on
ok. I've never played arma, i've had friends talk about it being very hard and realistic so I guess a challenge can keep things fresh.	Don't worry about that, most DayZ players don't play vanilla. Also, be sure to check out /r/dayz for more resources. 
Just imagine the epic DLC. newlinechar 	Now with red, green, and blue balls!
This depends on real estate availability and the value they set on it.  THe US is very resistant to new towers.	Everyone wants better service but nobody wants to live next to a tower, or have to look at one. Same reason we can't get good wind farms going. 
The X-Men stuff was Chuck Austen. Who was just an irredeemably bad writer who only got a chance at all because Marvel was in throw shit at the wall and see what sticks mode.	your right damn sorry about that
I plan on going to Michigan to see it with a combo of Red Wings fans and leafs fans. I'm hoping it'll be awesome! I'll try and take lots of pictures and post them up here if people are interested newlinechar 	Most definitely. Post em' up! 
is also normally politically motivated. sometimes due to desperation. 	What about domestic terrorism inside the Muslim countries, directed at other Muslims?  
It has gone downhill. Rage comics, FB posts, and so on. This is not one of those downhill things.	I'd like to note that I haven't seen very many rage comics on /r/atheism as of late. Or maybe I blocked them out somehow with RES and forgot...
Pick me, and two other men, please.	Three? Oh gosh, I don't know if I can handle that :P
For her? Yes.	forget debtor's prison. She needs to go to prison for the false rape report.
Moving out of moms basement.  The meatloaf is just too damn good.  	Chaz?
NWA is the place to be.	[Damn straight](http://i.imgur.com/K7MRj.jpg)
nasa doesn't spread 'freedom' like the military does. stupid...	NASA is going to free the shit out of some Moon Muslims once we find them. 
Is it the one where the guy gets the lock around his neck?	No no no. It's that other episode. Ahhhh I can't think of it!!!
Now I must listen to http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPRt6Tt6RyM newlinechar  newlinechar I find this acceptable, though it may not have been what you had in mind. ;) 	[I, too, approve of metal pertaining to the Allfather.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DBx9h-6vV4o)
Nice wide brush that's also nice and soft.	wouldnt rubbing hairs back and forth across your chips generate static?
hubie?	No mention of a high percentage. Can't be hubie.
Why is there a picture of a guy holding his crotch in the top right corner of the left screen?	http://imgur.com/9Flae
Will do! newlinechar  newlinechar However, I am a white male, so the first two related subreddits aren't really working for me. 	As am I, but I find them interesting to look at nonetheless.  There's a long history of 'double oppression' occurring within marginalized communities so I feel it's good practice to also look at narratives that aren't defined by the white male majority.
michigan?	missouri
I assumed it counted as an air vehicle, not sure why.	it used to be pre-patch. But once you jumped out of a jet into the AA it was base rape the whole round so dice fixed it.
J thought it came from your friend...	http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=7yl3UMO-TkE
I'll give you 2 scrap	STOUT SHAKO 4 2 REFINED
I dont know... it seems awkward to hold it. Did it really improve your grip? newlinechar 	I can attest yes. 100%. If you have big hands this is a must
I'm quite possibly the world's worst historian. Could you explain for me?	That's the year Hitler committed suicide.
Compartment Syndrome if you want to look it up. Extremely painful and leads to ischemia and subsequent necrosis of the distal tissues.	For those interested in [compartment syndrome](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmedhealth/PMH0002204/), *Pubmed Health*
&gt;It involves interviews of 2,600 people and their adolescent children every three years for the next 20 years.	So I guess it's more than 2,600 people.
I mean, not that it really matters that much. [The painting itself is much more important than its frame, after all!](http://i.imgur.com/UPbp6.png)	*Giggling*  newlinechar  newlinechar I know [exactly what you mean.](http://oi42.tinypic.com/2vvq4xz.jpg)
*whoosh*	Hint: She's half Elf and half something else.
Can he do it in song form?	Definitely a must. 
[http://i.imgur.com/YAIXj.gif](http://i.imgur.com/YAIXj.gif)	irritated, yes. when i see stuff like this, i can't help but feel that which i have been slaving over for the last three years is being belittled.
Not like [Greenland](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greenland) or anything...	He has a point...
You're doing alcoholism very, very right.  newlinechar  newlinechar Keep up the good work.	Except for that part where he added Pepsi. The rest of that drink recipe is solid.
If its with friends then being slutty is kinds the point. If it is for business then you should try something like [this.](http://imgur.com/WGIeP)	I actually went as Cleopatra last year and my face with the makeup  looked similar I'm afriad http://imgur.com/JlDzd
So true. However, they better be really trustworthy friends, else you risk being shot in the back. Heck, you risk being shot in the back the moment you guys spawn on the beach anyway, just for lulz.	I'm playing with 5 people that I've been gaming with for years (3 I've known since grade school). As someone who wouldn't be playing if I was solo, playing with friends makes it a whole different game!
pre-2007 apple hipster :P newlinechar  newlinechar I do agree with you. Noone knew why I loved my apple stuff as much as I did back then. I was constantly bothered about my choices. 	I still do from some friends. 
Well, why didn't I just say  newlinechar  newlinechar     #define N 1000 newlinechar     int c[N]; newlinechar which would have made better sense.	    enum {N=1000};
I was really hoping for some large scale battles instead of just overviews like we've gotten before. Guess I'll just have to wait for E3.	It's difficult to get that, they're all REALLY busy getting things done for E3. You're going to get an overload of large-scale stuff during E3, hours and hours of it on the livestream.
You really hurt me to the core.  :-)	Core? You're a reporter. It's not like you have a soul. 
Then why are there so many germs in the mouth?	There are large amounts of bacteria in the mouth, but also a large number of white blood cells, antibodies, etc.
Wait, what? newlinechar  newlinechar Your condo burned, so you had your mail rerouted to someone's home who you sort of knew, but had never met? And he stole your identity? newlinechar  newlinechar If this is the case... uh, why did you do this?	I read it as the rerouting and not knowing the person were two separate statements. 
Where's that? QFC?	Haggen in Lake Stevens
es un chingon	Es nuestro chingon
Sure is. newlinechar  newlinechar I swear to god, 'anarcho'-capitalism is a corporate-funded plot.	Nah, it's just stupid. newlinechar  newlinechar -A Capitalist
I saw your picture on this thread. Just kidding. For all I know, your breast look like rotten cheese wheels. Your face, however...keep that up.	&gt;rotten cheese wheels newlinechar  newlinechar you sure are a charmer newlinechar 
Thanks! I'll try using less. And yeah let's see if I can keep it up...	Can you do one in dubstep :-p
I find this to be highly ironic...Ashton Kutcher is Iowan. 	On a show based in Wisconsin. Irony all around.
Out of curiosity, do you believe that what they did is abuse?	I'm pretty sure making them stand outside naked on a crowded street isn't legal
Amen. newlinechar  newlinechar I say things that are a matter of fact in, well, a very matter of fact sort of way. newlinechar  newlinechar Apparently because other people are uncomfortable we should just not say it even if it's true.	This is why I hang out in body-positive communities on the internet. It doesn't matter what my body looks like or if I'm trying to alter it. It's just important that I love myself at whatever state my body is in.
It's pro equality, which I'm a fan of.	Thank you for clarifying that (seriously). Pro mens' rights is pro human rights.
DLC is coming and so am I.	I'M THERE!
Oh my christ, I'm in tears. I've not come across this in FIFA '12 unfortunately.	The patches made a little bit better I believe, but there are still some weird ass things that go on.
*Brainsplosion*	speaking of which: [absurdly unfairly hot Loki / Widow (noncon, trigger warning, etc)](http://www.fanfiction.net/s/8136135/1/Of_Spiders_and_Webs)
Fair enough.	This conversation is funny as shit. 
What if there is no one else on call? newlinechar  newlinechar Also, just curious: What % of your class would you say are atheists?	Probably the top 25% and 90% of the ones that will graduate.
He reached a [plea deal](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/crime-scene/post/band-director-reaches-deal-on-charge-of-online-solicitation-of-minor/2012/02/28/gIQARw7fgR_blog.html) and faces up to 10 years. According to [fairfax underground poster](http://www.fairfaxunderground.com/forum/read.php?2,908582,908582,quote=1) sentencing is 7/12/2012	Oh, okay. I'd heard about the plea deal, but hadn't seen the fairfax underground post. Thanks for the quick response. newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah, when I heard that all this went down... that was weird... I knew the guy from probably 1999, crazy
Actually, Disneyworld's home of the future has a bunch of hybrid cars and Xbox stations all through it.	Disneyland too. 
It was a black horse.	I believe you mean it was a nigger horse.
While you can believe that it's a bit like marrying a criminal and telling yourself you can change him. Just don't get your hopes up.	I simply don't subscribe to the idea that a good god would condemn a good man. Period.
Name it please!	GOT IT - La Place, located inside V&amp;D newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.tripadvisor.ca/ShowUserReviews-g188590-d948926-r38176674-La_Place-Amsterdam_Noord_Holland.html
That price is always the price microcenter sells at. Take a look at any of their cpu's and compare the price to newegg. Minimum of $40 cheaper on every cpu. newlinechar  newlinechar And I paid $130 for my 1100T. 	All there CPU's are on sale right now.  I got their ad in the paper this week. newlinechar  newlinechar edit: I accidentally a letter.
What were you showing? The gameplay? The code itself isn't available.	I could show the code, but we didn't have much time. But yeah, I'm showing the main features and what makes it work in terms of Java
I agree, CO has cheap Oz's and the midwest is way more spendy than that.. only speaking from experience here though newlinechar 	maybe not big enough sample size but in some areas it's pretty accurate 
 newlinechar &gt;I am Assuming you are American,  newlinechar  newlinechar My favorite part of your response. 	:D not heard of many others that refer to it simply as 'track'.
He's not your friend, buddy.	He's not your buddy, guy
Is your first favorite Sherlock Holmes? Because my first favorite is Sherlock Holmes.	Very yes.
I figured this was a softcore PvP server where everyone hides inside their base.	Softcore PvP? There is no such thing.
'Mr. Winger, we never finished our intercourse.'	I literally just finished watching this episode on netflix...
I'm a cashier and today a really old guy told this to me while his wife was next to him..	So awkward..
Is this through A&amp;M? Are you currently in Texas? What's you bachelors in? 	A+ alternative certification program. My bachelor's was in History, totally unrelated. As long as you can pass them exams you are good to go though.
But are you going to tell them that love is conditional and that the consequences of not meeting the conditions is eternal torment in hell?	Yes, because it is the truth. Modern society is very big into 'unconditional' love which I do not understand. True love, like respect, should be earned. 
Well this is more of my 'say stupid shit' account, but no, it's not a gimmick.  Windows ME was kind to me.	How many children did you have to sacrifice to it?
Either seth or brandon... Cant remember	POSTING HISTORY TOTALLY WON'T GIVE IT AWAY
Funny? No, it's depressing. I'm very conflicted. I deny refunds for overdrafts every day. The irony being we overdrafted... hard. But I swallow my hypocrisy because I have a paycheck. 	How many people do you know (either at your own bank, or in other banks) would you say potentially have these same feelings of confliction?
...more than once.	Josh gets it.
Grandma told me she'd pray for me, so I hid all her pills.  We'll see how long that FUNTARD survives by praying to le JEBUS.	Christians shouldn't be allowed in hospitals because god isn't real when will they le arn 
That's gross. They're related.	Maybe they should just wrestle then...
Starting to believe that 2012 shit.	Mayans didn't account for leap years.
The MANE thing is, he survived.  And I ain't LION.	Those jokes should fill you with pride.
This response... omg. hahhh (9) newlinechar 	want a hug man?
He was reduced to 520 once Jurassic skin came out. Check the article if you don't believe me. 	Hm. You're right. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, it looks like I bought it at that time. Sweet!
I had no idea that subreddit existed. Thanks for increasing my viewing and posting pleasure!	No thank you for your great contribution.
When is the match against Droke Smugs?	When there are two muddykips in the world.
If you come to Mission Viejo or a nearby city, certainly!	I thought moreno valley when I heard mv.. lol. However. this happens to be in the middle of two cities i'm actually going to. san diego and then fullerton.
Especially if said straight white men are doing something to hurt women, nonwhites, queer people, or children, because they probably didn't mean to and seem like nice guys and was probably the other person's fault anyway. Definitely not LOL because FREE SPEECH and of course FREE PENIS!	[](/reddit) newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Can I say how merry it makes me that the text for this image is 'reddit'? Definitely needed that laugh after browsing that thread.
Wheels are not the problem for sure. Those wheels are made for sliding. Most peoples first slide is two-hands down toeside 180. Go fast. Wear ALOT of pads, you're going to fall. Most importantly, commit to the slide. Videos and new gear ain't gunna get you sideways.	This.  newlinechar  newlinechar I have this board and wheels, which I learned to slide on. You pretty much described my experience.
9-ish. 	8:50 i believe it was to be exact had a great time first time seeing them 
People only *need* food, clothing and shelter, everything else is optional.	I'd like to flash forward and see how pot farmers are living.  I would bet not terribly.  People love their vices.
Oh... when you said... I thought... um... never mind.	I think I'm thinking of the same thing...
Does that Canadian porn star dismemberment video exist?	The video exists but I think they took it down. Story is that he is out of the country and now possibly in the US 
Keep in mind, this post is probably fake. Even if it were real, you would really find jeopardizing a friend's job interview funny? Or if they ruined a job interview of your own? Priorities, man...	The OP found it funny, so I will find it funny too. If he can laugh at himself over this, why is it a big deal I feel the same way?
Thanks! It's in the healthcare industry. I'll be working primarily on maintaining existing C# applications while I learn the ropes. I've only built a couple of simple websites so far and worked through exercises on sites like Code Academy.	like. I want to talk to you. newlinechar  newlinechar I used to be a programmer in the wayback and now I want to reboot. newlinechar  newlinechar 
Wouldn't W be maxed second? If she delays Q then doesn't she have trouble farming, especially against mids like Morg? Plus Morg and Galio have no defense against her true damage, since Morg shield only blocks magic and Galio has no damage shields.	you can max either first. w if you want to be more aggressive, q to farm more. 
all i know is that ive worked with this before, and i sure as hell know it is real	Oh yes, me too.  Like, watching the switch happen in front of me.
There's some restaurant chain with unlimited fries... Red Robin I think?	yes! I know cause me and some friENTS recently ventured around restaraunts looking for one that did that.
'B-rad, is rad.'	'C'mon, chill out - we'll just go home and have a handful of those penises you're always talking about!'  newlinechar 'They're called PANINIS, and if you think you're getting one after all this, you're DEAD WRONG, MISTER!' 
Me too! It's the awesome ride that you go to when it gets super hot outside. Plus... Indoors!	You've got to love the over the top cheesy 90's retro future interior in the wait area. 
He was born in Harlem according to Wikipedia.	Apparently it really isn't about 'where you at.' But, then again KRS-1 is from Brooklyn, but listed in da Bronx.
Edinburgh Castle is a must see. The north is gorgeous and it is hard to go wrong. Have a fun trip. 	Thank you! There's no way we could *not* see a wonderful castle!
oh she does :) shes a fighter we heard her in the wall for at least 9 hours while we tried to find her and that was on mothers day	Contrary to popular belief black cats are *good* luck. You're sure to win the lottery soon. 
I was hoping to see Annie's Boobs :/	http://i.imgur.com/rkG0l.png
not as of 12:06 AM CDT	awesome. looks like its back newlinechar 
Fuck you.	Don't feed the troll. Negative attention makes it grow. 
Korbo.	Kolo/Kopo
Now with red, green, and blue balls!	Just 9.99 each.
I don't know if I could call 1500$ low cost... It's an awesome idea though.	Compared to microsofts surface it seems low cost. The other alternative for me was a coffee table that had a whiteboard with walls around it to draw the map on. A good pre-made one was like 2000
So much for being a tactical genius...	Careful.  [He'll outflank a kill-team into your bathroom.](http://i.imgur.com/QXkqB.jpg)
It makes you look like a 14 year old. From 1995. 	I always imagine that it is a loving reference to Microsoft's days as a vendor of BASIC implementations: newlinechar  newlinechar     10 M$='HELLO, WORLD.' newlinechar     20 PRINT M$ newlinechar 
BITE THE PILLOW	The pillow did no good, bit straight through it, and chipped a tooth.  Now I look like Lloyd Christmas from Dumb and Dumber newlinechar 
And line your shirt buttons up with the zipper on your pants.	Gig line son!
This better get to 69 upvotes	challenge complete :)
how do you regulate? do you feel better regulating or being completely sober? newlinechar  newlinechar *btw, happy birthday man	I try to do the old Navy thing, 'Wait till the sun's past the yardarm.' I rarely drink during the day, but when I do, it's a couple days to recover. This way, I balance work and home. Crazy,huh?
This movie's a few years old.	And..
Not bad. It's a neutral nature. But the odds of being a shiny and a female....I don't even know.	.00152% I think. newlinechar  newlinechar calculation: 1/8192 * 12.5%
Also... newlinechar Two best foreign protosses at the moment started off being known exclusively for one base builds. Most successful protoss in the world won with almost nothing but two base brute-force attacks.	And MVP won a GSL with a bunch of 1 or 2 base cheeses vs protoss.  Play to win.
Would you punish your girlfriend?	You view spousal relationships in the same way you view parent-child relationships?  I don't.
Oh, you mean loli.	Or tentacles.
No nudez.	What do you think this is, the internet?  Geez.
Thank you. Fucking Starfox has ruined an entire generation's knowledge of aerial combat maneuvers.	I know. People need to stop fucking Starfox. It's bestiality, really.
This is what this subreddit is about!	I can honestly say I don't believe I've ever seen a mod comment, much less in anything I've ever posted.  I'm.. speechless.  Thanks for the confidence boost! :3
I like your style dawg, can't wait for a new album by them. 	Me too man! Let's hope it's soon
Tentacles? All the more reason TO go.	I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT TO THINK NOW! DO I WANT TO GO IN OR NOT!?
There should be a homework help reddit so we can all help these guys hack school more often. I know I get a kick out of it at least. Good luck on your paper OP.	Sounds good at first, but my school knows all the easy computer tricks from online and they prevented them too.
Wake up? It's 10:30 here. Why would I be asleep?	Wake up? It's 1:30 here. Why would I be asleep?
TL; DR: They said 3 a week and he's suing because they sent 4-5... newlinechar  newlinechar &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232; newlinechar  newlinechar 	I'm sure there's something in the ToS that you are responsible for all data/text charges etc.
&gt; competitive currencies, except for people, roads, laws, and so on... newlinechar  newlinechar I'd like to see the amount of money raised to create such a system. I've seen the cost per mile of one lane gravel roads on property the landowner already owns. It's not cheap.	Free market, my friend. Build the road on your own dime, and then charge people to use it. I'm sure that people will initially be uncomfortable with the extra Liberty and Freedom we give them, but eventually they will get used to the toll booths at each intersection. 
I don't think you should stop at the face.  You need whole body feminization surgery.  You think your chin is bad, look at those hips girl...	Ooh, do they make hip implants? That might be all I need for my transition, screw hormones.
Fuel and food were dropped from the index in 1980 BTW.	Because they are incredibly volatile and noisy values.  Not because of some sinister plot to fake inflation metrics.
OH MY GOD I LOVE SQUIRRELS! How did you get so close to him?	lol this little guy down to me from the tree... after a bit up 'calling' down to him, he came down and hung out for a while lol
But... I just saw it on the news.	You didn't see nothin'. Ya hear me? -_- 
Yes, with one exception: Kindle 2s and Kindle DXes sold in the US won't work in the rest of the world because they use Sprint's CDMA network. K2s and DXes sold *outside* the US will work internationally, as will all Kindle 3s.	And sadly the most important exception is that Don't Panic is written nowhere on any of the kindles. 
I can never quite tell if MacFarlene is being satirical, or just racist.	Same here. Most of the time I think he's just being racist.
&gt;'I would love to see a miracle, a lightning bolt that allows Ron Paul to be our presidential candidate,' says Kevin Erickson, one of Minnesota's two delegates on the GOP platform committee. newlinechar  newlinechar What the fuck?	Yeah, wtf, but admit it, we would all love to see it.
Seeing as in relation to weight, fat just means overweight, anyone who uses it as a negative word is NOT using it true-to-definition.	'Overweight' is more medical and easier on the ears than 'fat' and using those definitions ('excess' and 'unnecessary') are negative; they may be a fact but they are negative.
No problem. I rarely recommend someone doesn't read a book - I think reading just about anything is awesome...its at least still reading - but there is really nothing redeeming about them. 	I once burned a copy of Devil Wears Prada.  It was the worst book ever written and I danced in its ashes.
[](/fillytgap) Watch in awe as the Great and Powerful Trixie uses her amazing magic to retrieve the source for this submission! newlinechar  newlinechar [**Am I Kawaii?** by **Why485**](http://why485.deviantart.com/art/Am-I-Kawaii-279320473) newlinechar  newlinechar `http://why485.deviantart.com/art/Am-I-Kawaii-279320473` newlinechar  newlinechar *This is an automated comment &amp;mdash; [Info](http://redd.it/pgbm0) &amp;mdash; [Report an Error](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Source_Trixie&amp;subject=Source%20uf6do)* newlinechar 	This bot never fails to amaze me
Sorry dear, it sounds like she was fishing and didn't like that she caught you. :/	Haha, this is the most eloquent way that you could have possibly pulled that thought out of my head.  I'm going to use this from now on.
Touche.	Reddit and life don't mix like two dicks and no chick...find yourself in some serious shit- Biggie Smalls  newlinechar  newlinechar edit:just kidding guys being gay is cool too
Hey blame samelk he's supposed to be making them. =P	[](/ohcomeon) [What am I, chopped liver?](http://i.imgur.com/OmWD3.png) newlinechar  newlinechar [](/sp) I've been too busy/lazy/sober recently to make more, and finding whale pictures with emotions is hard. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, do you know how we're going to implement emotes? I can copypasta code, but I have nothing to work with.
Did you ever go into the old steam tunnels? I used to go into them years ago when I went to Pitt.	Where are these tunnels? They seem interesting
I love the intense Me Gusta, I wish more people would use it in their comics..	as do I... it is a bit ambiguous... but it is workable if ya try....
Along with the 'What's the most politically incorrect/controversial/asnine belief you have?' these threads appear weekly - they actually serve no purpose because funnily enough; we're the only ones who read them - everyone else just wants to join the dagpile and post their own fucked up thoughts for validation.	Weekly? Well shit
Ok, also a quick suggestion/question. In lve, are you defining an area for each sprite per character or is it a global constant?	It's not global, but I've been consistent with all my character sprites. They should be placed within 48 x 48 boxes. [Example](https://github.com/kyleconroy/hawkthorne-journey/blob/master/src/images/jeff.png)
So rad! You make me look forward to having kids, haha.	Then get as much sleep as you can now. :D
Haha yea sorry, totally forgot. I liked spiritualized at first, but after seeing them live they just blow me away. One of the best performances I've ever seen. 	Oh wow, I bet that was a great show! Where and when?
Why not Girth wind and fire!?	Mom Died At Birth, Wind and Fire. 
Yea it was because of him and Kevin Conroy I bought the games. Too bad they didn't get Arleen Sorkin for Harley. 	they did for asylum, but for some reason switched to tara strong for city she's ok, but arleen sorkin is harley imo. 
... I should test this with bizarre posts. It'll be like the Waterworld of gonewild!	Be careful when using 'waterworld' and 'gonewild' in the same sentence on the internet.
That's the thing about skull fucking... you never see it coming.	I had to keep reading then come back and go . . . Ooooo
That's the year Hitler committed suicide.	Ah, haha, so basically he accomplished nothing by killing him?
It's not uncommon for runners to experience problematic bowel movements, so yeah. 	Mile 3, every time. It's explosively inconvenient.
LAN on mars.  Sounds like an artist name.	We're going to send the PC gamers to Mars, and then the colony will fail because they're too busy with LAN parties. newlinechar  newlinechar Sign me up.
Fellow Vancouverite, or is there another city that calls it a skytrain also? newlinechar  newlinechar Now that I think about it, that sounds like something my friend might do.	You are correct! I am a Vancouverite. Skytrain is pretty borring so it made my day to see this happen xD
They have a picture for that?	They have a picture for everything.
Seeing as the place is almost the size of Rorrikstead or Dragonbridge are you really surprised?	Nope! Not even an Elder Scroll cares about where the hell Morthal is.
Well damnit, let's do this thing! I promise to hold your hand as we walk and face as we kiss, you are ok with that?	[Make sure to take pictures... for science](http://images1.wikia.nocookie.net/creepypasta/images/9/9a/Fap-now-kiss-l.png)
Guys, if he's a good DM, he didn't need to have this all planned out ahead of time. It's completely possible that if they'd blown it at 3rd level it would've turned out to be something different, but that he figured given the circumstances this would be awesome.	This is exactly what I was thinking and what I would have done as a DM myself.  Though maybe not that awesome!
the tiger mom thing has its limits. Seriously, moderation people.	He must have a hard time differentiating between what is and isn't rational behavior.
I have taken bath salts before. Never on purpose, people sell it as molly sometimes. Regardless, I've never eaten a guys face... while on them.	Honestly, bath salts are just like every other fucking drug. MODERATION! Christ, people so retarded with drugs at times. Bath salts aren't like some crazy fucking drug that is just so fucking intense that no one can handle it. You just need to know wtf you're doing.
This is exactly the type of ad hominem fallacy people like to use to explain away my 'naive' political ideologies. I'm young and therefore stupid, right?	I don't believe it was your age specifically, he was calling into question, but rather the parenting trends and social climate during your upbringing.  I'm sure there are plenty who wish to cast doubt on your opinions due to age and/or immaturity, but that clearly wasn't the case here.
[Fixed](http://i2.listal.com/image/1539465/600full-mark-ruffalo.jpg)  newlinechar  newlinechar Funny thing is, I don't like body hair on anyone else. He pulls it off *juuuust riiiiight*.	This is the exact picture I was thinking of when I made that comment, and same here!  I'd wax my boyfriend's chest if he'd let me but if anyone harms a hair on Mark's body I cannot be held accountable for my actions.
I really disliked her in ME2, but I really started to enjoy her during ME3. I just think the whole, [teaching of the kids, and having to watch her language, made her much more entertaining.](/spoiler)	I fell in love with her in Jack because her story was so tragic. Once you got to know her, you really saw her for the soft person she really was inside. 
I originally heard that one like this: newlinechar  newlinechar What's the difference between jelly and jam? newlinechar  newlinechar I can't jelly my dick in your ass.	What's the difference between jam and jelly?  newlinechar  newlinechar I'm going to fuck you in the ass. 
How do you make a baby float? newlinechar Add Icecream	What's more fun than a dead baby hanging from a ceiling fan? Hitting it with a shovel every time it comes around.
Looked like ghost dicks in the thumbnail, what a relief.	Clearly not a deterrent to you clicking
Oh good, they're playing the 'too many different distributions to support' card. newlinechar  newlinechar [Meanwhile...](http://pressroom.nvidia.com/easyir/customrel.do?easyirid=A0D622CE9F579F09&amp;version=live&amp;prid=807741&amp;releasejsp=release_157&amp;xhtml=true)	Good point.  Linux distributions are really so different.  :rolleyes:
Same here. It's the person's choice whether or not they want to live anymore. It's not selfish to want to die. In fact, it may be more selfish to make someone stay alive when they don't want to.	But people can recover from depression and have happy and fulfilling lives. (Just trying to get a discussion going)
NA, not me, I CAn't.	K, CU later.
Plastics are fucking awesome, and getting a degree just for plastics is even more awesome.  Keep it up Plastic Man!	And if the anti-plastics folks win out in the end, you can always fall back to medical school and go into plastic surgery!
Certainly preferable to showing up wearing a bike lock like a fashion statement.	I disagree.  I'd be pleased right out of my socks if nothing was going to stop my prospective employee from getting to that interview.
^^^they ^^^are  ^^^going ^^^to ^^^be ^^^so ^^^confused ^^^when ^^^they ^^^see ^^^all ^^^these ^^^empty ^^^comments ^^^hahaha	^^^wait&amp;nbsp;a&amp;nbsp;second&amp;nbsp;how&amp;nbsp;can&amp;nbsp;we&amp;nbsp;see&amp;nbsp;this&amp;nbsp;and&amp;nbsp;they&amp;nbsp;can't?
step 1.5: (if never played zelda 64) Purchase Legend Of Zelda 3DS	If you have played Zelda 64, purchase Legend of Zelda 3DS.
It's ok, Smuggy. You got me. ;)	*wraps around ElAvestruz* newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks. T_T
Yeah, that one doesn't work if you don't know the details	Did he have sex with a thirteen year old?
magma cube, what are you doing? you cannot oink, you are a magma cube. stop that	Fap.
Soo pinchy	-SO- pinchy.  The pinchiest.  Over 9000 units of pinchy.
What did he say? Aaargh! I really want to know.	'You wipe your bloody dick on her teddy bear.' newlinechar  newlinechar He moved it into the first comment so he wasn't doubling he karma.
My roommate and I are playing through Amnesia right now. It's super fun but also kind of feels like cheating. 	Second to this, I played through it on vent with a buddy of mine, and almost hosted an Amnesia LAN just to get through the damn game.
I posted his brother about a month ago: http://www.reddit.com/r/Pareidolia/comments/t074k/door_latch_is_amused/	Brothers indeed.
MANOWAR?	MANOWAR.
as a decently successful internet entrepreneur, don't listen to this guy. newlinechar  newlinechar just start your own company, make lots of money and have plenty of spare time to play video games.	I wish it was that easy. I don't know what company just to start. I don't have a dream to make the next best thing. Plus, if we were all internet entrepreneurs, who would clean our toilets?
I'm supposed to be a Jewish Jedi (or Judai) rather than a drunk. But I'm a drunk too, so it works.	Gotcha. Also funny. 'Alderaan? I'm not going to Alderaan, I've gotta get *home*, it's late, I'm in for it as it is! Oy Vey. Hok a Chainik R2, you've gone megillah!' 
Personally, I don't like strategies where the main tactic is completely running away and kiting for a long period of time.  As a casual player, that why I think people are approaching inferno completely wrong.	Any other way, and you die in 2 seconds.    They're ranged dps....   Kiting is in their nature
## 	[Deleted]
Some would argue that it already is.	I see where this argument is coming from. But personally if you go to serious subreddits like /r/askscience and similar reddits you are gonna get quality.  If I'm feeling in a laughy mood I look at some of the dumb comments on /r/AskReddit.
the top reply of pretty much every 'hey reddit, what's your best come back?' thread on r/askreddit.	Followed by 'You want my comeback? Wipe it off your mothers face hurr hurr hurr'
Not enough people play Paranoia.	I keep saying we should get a reddit game going. I'll join.
At least she'll be put up in the local Hilton.	[you mean this ?](http://giaoduc.net.vn/NTD-thong-thai/Chiem-nguong-khach-san-hinh-con-sau-o-Ha-Noi/121304.gd) or [this?](http://www.pophistorydig.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/08/1968-nat-guard-chicago2-70.jpg)
The way Pendragon worded that actually made me feel sad and ungrateful even though I thought 34% ip was gonna be awesome D:	Same here. I also felt ashamed for the community raging at them like that. :/ Their job must be really hard sometimes.
I have this theory and goddammit, I'll buy your shirt.	Whoa.. I like the cut of your jib!
!?!?!?	If done romantically, I think it's less !?!?! and more &lt;3!!!
I'd bet that when they see all their traffic is coming from reddit.com/r/atheism that they'll probably figure it out.	I don't think they're that smart. 
I just spent 15 minutes on purple.com.. what am I doing?	It really is a nice shade of purple.
Oh god no! Run AWAY!!!	[Already?](http://i.qkme.me/3omnqu.jpg)
about a year and a half...since then I've met some new friends and gotten a great job through one of them, also feel like I'm doing much more with my life than I used to newlinechar 	Good for you man, I'm sorry you got downvoted though; no reason to.
[](/c22 'FOP sounds funny when you say it out loud') 	[I. DON'T. WANT. FOP.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tw_YryVgLOg)
And were did you grow up?	The Mid-west in the states. Wonderful place really!!
Did you finish ?	No, my erection popped liked a water balloon. Shit was like a Stephen King novel.
I feel like I need to know what was here.	Shit went down, aparrently...
In what possible way would that be justified?	Rape is all about control. It's one person removing all control from another person for their own satisfaction. The doctor removed the victim's control over her body for her own moral satisfaction. She is no better than the rapist.
If I'm not mistaken, nicotine is more physically addictive, but being able to get it so easily is also a big reason.	That's really hard to objectively compare.
'... Should I get him?'	CHYEAHHHH!
I read that in a very deep and sinister voice in my head. It made the link even better.	[Gooood, goooood](http://gifsoup.com/webroot/animatedgifs3/1186332_o.gif)
We should toke! PM me (I dunno if this is PM, my phone doesn't distinguish) and lets swap numbers, kick it this weekend? I'm in MV	Mission Viejo respresENT! newlinechar 
Yeah... Enjoy your years and years of compatibility issues. Every game patch is your enemy.	[Not to mention the driver issues.](http://i.imgur.com/gOjEG.jpg)
I like it when alumni can't pluralize 'school'.	Enggineer dugree means I dont do the gud english.
http://www.freakonomics.com/2005/05/15/abortion-and-crime-who-should-you-believe/	I can't imagine that anyone hasn't read that book yet.
Boat + Sky or Boat + Ground is also a great one. Boats just suck. 	If you think about it, boats are designed to put humans in places where they would otherwise die. 
FUCK YES! August Burns Red? Of Mice &amp; Men? The Word Alive? Memphis May Fire? Its not often that people on Reddit approve of my taste in music	I definitely approve of your taste in music!
I'm tired of people having arguments about whether it's scary or not. 	You're right.  We should go back to having one opinion only. newlinechar  newlinechar EA SUCKS
[HA, they sneak an entire pallet of beer in](http://youtu.be/qGo4_6QutIg)	That was so badass. It reminds of that whole thing where people never question anybody's authority if they're wearing a reflective vest, construction boots, and holding a clipboard.
I don't know if anyone else could get away with saying some of the things he did that night.  I also worry his mind is going.	The mind is still sharp I reckon, Barry just doesn't give a fuck.
Ah. Hmm, then. I have no idea about the downvotes. Sorry I can't help! newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: No, guys, you don't understand. He was at like -8 or something ridiculous.	No worries. Reddit can be a bipolar beast at times.
&gt;'that I remember at least 20' newlinechar  newlinechar That sounds punk to me.	Her laugh when I asked told me more than anything. 
very prestigious	Right up there with the Nobel and Grammys.
I've got two characters. A Nord that I use a sword and shield combo, with heavy armor and restoration, and a wood elf that focuses on sneak, archery, and destruction. Which should be Dawnguard and which should be a vampire?	Holy crap your Characters specialize in the excat same thing as mine. I want a Crossbow for my Stealth Archer but Vampirsm doesn't suit my Sheild character . What do I do?
Jugaremos en el bosque, mientras el Peje no esta. Porque si el Peje aparece a todos nos comer!	Peje ests ah?
&gt; We really don't need more supporters making Ron Paul look fringe, okay? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar The newsletters, Stormfront endorsements, supporter death threats against non-supporters, 9/11 truthers at conventions, Ron Paul on Alex Jones... newlinechar  newlinechar But bikinis? FRINGE!	That's why I said 'no more.' 
wut?	I don't know. It's red, rock-like, and has things growing out of it. Some of the things have teeth.
Fun Facts! newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar GEIGER is the #1896 most common last name newlinechar  newlinechar 0.007% of last names in the US are GEIGER. newlinechar  newlinechar Around 17500 people have GEIGER as a last name! newlinechar 	&gt; 0.007% newlinechar  newlinechar See, this is what makes my question valid. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Around 17,500 people have Geiger as a last name. newlinechar  newlinechar Well, shoot. If it was around California, then it's more likely that I'm related, especially Southern California.
Three? Oh gosh, I don't know if I can handle that :P	You have three holes, I'm sure you can manage. ;]
Seriously. This is the best Palestinian partner the Israelis have had since Arafat. 	upvoted for sarcasm
You'd think I screamed Rampart or something.  	Equivalent. Show respect. Nuff said.
The fuck. 	the comment afterwards is what made me laugh after choking on my own spit. Well done Muqaddimah. Well done. *slow clap*
Yeah I poured water into a shot glass and into a red cup---was much higher than that first line...seems like it's about 1oz of liquid.	was it a solo cup or just a red cup?
So you're seriously undermining the impact of a deregulatory action due to a 4$ per month fee?  That's a smigin of the market for healthcare, sir.  	if the government taxes you $4 on your healthcare insurance to create a superfund... isn't that universal healthcare?  in spirit if not in fact? 
i'll do my best, but i do have them tattooed on my arm so its kinda hard not to!	Pointed remark.  
Why not zoidberg?	Why not use any random, unrelated meme for karma, just because it starts with 'why not'?
Did he have sex with a thirteen year old?	yessir
Gatorskins. Never again get a puncture.	I too enjoy riding over bits of broken glass and rocks and hearing them shoot out the side.
What's the correct spot to take it from? I literally never finished that sidequest.	Stand on the jetty or facing sidewards to him, as soon as he reaches his arm out to post in the mail box,  then snap that mofo quick.
I would hope that the family of the clerk, if they sued anybody, would sue the robbers for causing this.	Chances are the robbers don't have any money.
[For you.] (http://i.imgur.com/kmQeK.gif) 	Why thank you kind sir.
Yeah, it's botting and not the failure of their gold auction house.	to be fair.. i did use the qualifiers 'probably' and 'one' newlinechar  newlinechar and the AH will probably stabilize soon, to call it a failure this soon seems premature.
As the 9 students I failed this semester can testify.	I was once a failure like them.  Then I took...  A creative writing class.
Duuuuuude. That's the perfect name for him.	It popped up after the second smoke session 
On the day that 4chan releases it's most powerful, I am staying as far away from a computer as physically possible.	It'll probably just flop out of the gate on the arena floor and twitch while seeping strange fluids.  Definitely stand back, but don't worry about it as a threat.
Hey now, give them time... I used to like Cheezburger.	&gt;cheezburger newlinechar  newlinechar i remember those days. *shudder*
Look at you... Eating your pile of garbage. Lmao.   Enjoy bro. Enjoy.	it's a new delicious low 
Is this a dark souls reference? 	I hope so :D
I second this. STO!  o/	I got you bro. Sympathy high five: \o
^^^wait&amp;nbsp;a&amp;nbsp;second&amp;nbsp;how&amp;nbsp;can&amp;nbsp;we&amp;nbsp;see&amp;nbsp;this&amp;nbsp;and&amp;nbsp;they&amp;nbsp;can't?	^^^yes ^^^that's ^^^what ^^^I ^^^was ^^^talking ^^^about ^^^earlier
Your previous attempts at link karmawhoring have all gone up in flames. Stick to what you know.	They've all failed for good reason, if you ask me. I mean, did he really expect [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/uegmo/ski_instructor_is_an_antiimperialist/) to take off?
*wraps around ElAvestruz* newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks. T_T	. . . .can't. . . .breathe. . . .
The only solution: raep	will OP deliver
did you spend some time in goshogowara? newlinechar   newlinechar I thought the kanamara matsuri in kawaski was the one but i could be mistaken	Just confirming that Kawasaki is the famous penis festival. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, though it's passed already, there's a great fire festival in Nozawa called the [dosojin fire festival](http://www.snowjapan.com/e/features/features-75.html) which is very fun. newlinechar  newlinechar Sorry I don't know any Summer ones...
I wonder if this position reports to...The Chief Executive, Mr. Cook.	Chef Executive
**STELLLLLAAAAAAAAAA!!!** newlinechar  newlinechar [](/c16 'I need to stop making theatre references.  No one ever gets them.')	Is it sad that I only understand the Stella reference because of The Simpsons?
When I worked at a grocery store as a kid, I watched an old guy get one of those electric mobility carts, take it out in the lot and piss on it.. bring it back in, get another one, and took it out and pissed on it too.	Alzheimer's really sucks sometimes.
Hint: She's half Elf and half something else.	Yes, half elf and half pig. I thought we had already established that?
Yeah, I guess that is the bright side.  We are playing like absolute shit right now.. yet hold a 5 game lead and will still be 7 games over .500	Not to mention still the best record in mlb.
Harmony's wife	I'm an idiot.
####MY CHILDHOOD WAS SPENT PLAYING KOTOR AND SHIT newlinechar ####THAT SHIT WAS FUN	####LOL NOW THAT YOU'RE NOT A KID ANYMORE I BET YOU JUST GO BACK AND PLAY THROUGH IT WITH MODS TO MAKE BASTILA NAKED AND JERK OFF THE WHOLE TIME!!!11!!1 POSSIBLY MISSION TOO!
A college student?	It's not like cheap whiskey is any more expensive than cheap vodka.
I HAVEN- *cough*, sorry. newlinechar  newlinechar I haven't. Link please?	http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1491
Deus ex machinas are not inherently bad. newlinechar  newlinechar My scriptwriting professor explained it this way: 'It's totally fine to write 'and then the cavalry arrives'...just as long as you make sure to show the cavalry on its way earlier in the story.'	Well if you mention it earlier then it's not a deus ex, a cavalry charge isn't contrived, unexpected or new if it's been mentioned previously.
That probably shouldn't have made me laugh as much as it did.	You sick bastard!
But FeAu is an alloy	Au is gold, dumbshit
My assumption is that they're recording the domains in an attempt to get a broad view of what email providers people are using. So it's not really going to improve your experience, but will be useful to their marketing efforts.	Thanks for some insight.
http://i.imgur.com/rkG0l.png	That's the stuff
[Source, higher res, and without watermark](http://flick-the-thief.deviantart.com/art/300-ponies-209574243)	thank you:)
I definitely approve of your taste in music!	awwwww yaaaaaaa, well good luck with whatever your going through, you will eventually get out of town
But people can recover from depression and have happy and fulfilling lives. (Just trying to get a discussion going)	Some people do, some people don't.
I would spend a day outside in public pushing one around in a stroller. They're really awesome btw.	thanks! And I have! We brought them to the park one day! fun shit 
The only reason to watch it really is the 'fight' between T-Rex and Spinosaurus. Other than that it's rather forgettable.	I would disagree. When you watch the original the CGI still holds up even to todays standards. When you watch the T-Rex and Spinosaurus it looks average at best for 2001.
Earth will be America. Ive played Mass Effect.	The Alliance America, fuck yeah!!
TL;DR please. No way in hell I'm reading that.	TL;DR two girls are on his nuts and he likes one of them more
actually shutters would have prevented the fall....	Now is not the window of opportunity for puns.
Please get your betta a 5 gallon tank minimum so it will be happy. newlinechar A vase wont support it and it will be miserable. newlinechar  newlinechar Are you using water conditioner, and bettas preffer pellets over flakes.. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Mine is quite the contrary, only eats flakes. 
En otras palabras, Les prestamos dinero o nos prestaron? Perdonen mi poca comprensin de la nota, pero me da hueva investigar. 	Jeje en el mundo financiero le llaman: newlinechar  newlinechar Colocar = ofrecer a inversionistas newlinechar  newlinechar Subastar = una forma medio arrogante, IMO, de pedir prestado, aunque como lo hacen atravez del  mercado de deuda si hay un remate a el mejor postor newlinechar 
ok I give... explain..	wjrichardson is an 'Auto Insurance Adjuster' newlinechar  newlinechar Throtex is an adjuster of auto insurance adjusters. He asked wj to move a bit to the left, adjusting him.
Could you repeat the part where you said the stuff about things?	The masculine and neuter articles often share endings. Like 'ein' could be masculine and neuter, even though the form of 'the' would be 'der' and 'das', respectively. Just a weird little rule.
Phillip Defranco kept me entertained for a while. newlinechar This was before reddit of course. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, for video game stuff, criken2 is amazing, try his mass effect stuff if you are interested.	I love Phil. He's great. I also enjoy Sourcefed.
A pressure plate would be cheaper and look nicer.	But then you have to deal with the clicking noises everytime you enter the wheat farm.
I'm getting a bit peeved at all of the /r/politics posts that are this inaccurate. They are worse then a freshman international relations student.	'Look, the Nazis only killed the Jews because the Jews had money and Germany was in financial trouble.'
[I, too, approve of metal pertaining to the Allfather.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DBx9h-6vV4o)	\m/
Are these legit plugins? Or are they cracked?	rough rider is free &amp; legit
Yeah lyrical pacing is extremely sick but lyrics are on a sub-par cheesy level.	They're generally alright, but once in a while there is a glaring mistake. His best work is on 'Apparition,' I think.
It was [amazing](http://www.reddit.com/r/day9/comments/u8dwi/holy_shit_i_just_got_day9_to_run_across_the/)! newlinechar  newlinechar I had so much fun, it was truly an honor/pleasure to be there and see it all go down from start to finish. I am a lucky lady ^_^	Wait that was you!? Hahahaha. The guy who was stopped behind you did not seem very happy xD
it wasn't his table , he was helping out some other waiter ( as they often do ) so i know for a fact he did not see her, ( but he could not have anyways being 80% blind)	Some people can do that echo-hearing/seeing thing. Maybe that's how he knew?
You mean... a shaggy dog story?	...don't... don't do that.
'Naw bro chillin with frends'	But bro we hang out with the same people and you live down the street... Can I join you. 
the gov collecting tax every time a vehicle changes hands is a complete money grab and scam	Every single tax out there is a 'money grab.' They're what enables a modern society. newlinechar  newlinechar If you don't want to pay vehicle sale tax, would you prefer higher sales or property taxes instead?
I can't tell if you are trying to parody [r/shitredditsays](http://www.reddit.com/r/shitredditsays), or the guy who wants to take over [r/shitredditsays](http://www.reddit.com/r/shitredditsays) because he doesn't agree with its views.	What if it's both? He could be taking things to a whole new level here.
You and I both buddy. 	Fake it until you make it.
It's my duckface hat! newlinechar http://imgur.com/MFQAw	Excellent.  Now your facial response if you were told you got to bone Natalie Portman ten times, but in front of an audience of five random strangers (who all had mustaches)
If riot made that skin they would make enough money from selling that skin alone to make league of legends 2.	What if they make all the girls a schoolgirl skin. newlinechar Can Riot be richer than Microsoft?
Real men know how to sew.	and dress up as susan strong
Me neither. Still upvoted.	Damn. You guys get me.
&gt;OMFG I just thought, 'What about Loki/Eva Green pairing?' newlinechar  newlinechar [YES YES YES. YES FOREVER](http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/279/799/76b.gif) newlinechar  newlinechar She is so good at the evil thing too. So much sexy evil in this potential pairing. 	[YUP IT IS OFFICIAL.](http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ls9gnezRHZ1qa0112.gif) Eva Green is Loki's Midgardian lady friend.
&gt;because they don't have friends either* newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar ;_; So alone	Or because it takes less than a minute and it helps a fellow human being out.
OP will surely deliver....	skeletonatcomputer.jpeg
Holy multiple mods, Batman!	That's the beauty of it. 
some states require front plates	Yep, Illinois requires 2 license plates.
All I could see was social networking. Oh and there was a spreadsheet there somewhere but the rest felt extremely unimpressive. newlinechar  newlinechar Microsoft making a real push to turn Windows into iOS eh?	Just because something is made for mobile devices doesn't mean it's anything close to iOS.  I know it's crazy but there's other devices besides iPhones and iPads.
That song will obliterate your mind in a midnight car hot box I guarantee it. Sooo amazing cranked up.	HAH its actually kinda ridiculous how true this statement is
But maybe he's just talking about the second part of S5? That was my first thought, because honestly the excitement inside of me had I thought he meant ANOTHER full season would have LITERALLY killed me.	there are 16 more episodes, no more no less.
I always thought you drank skooma....it's in a bottle and makes liquid noises...	You eat Moon Sugar, or use it as a flavoring. Skooma is a liquid and is either drunk or smoked in a [skooma pipe](http://images.wikia.com/elderscrolls/images/c/ce/SkoomaPipe_MW.png).
David Puddy from Seinfeld.	[Superman](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLuPTg8HcMY)
[Already?](http://i.qkme.me/3omnqu.jpg)	When I hear ['cupcakes'](http://i.imgur.com/rBtSM.gif)
you know, it's not that simple. I wish it was. It's also not solving my current issue.	So when is your lady friend gonna get treated for this? Getting this twice from her insinuates she's not doing anything about it. 
K, CU later.	I thought you finished the chain. But iron done yet.
where are the matching shorts?  2/10, would not fuck.	[Checkmate](http://www.runningwarehouse.com/descpageMRA-BMESPUS.html)
[](/ajbaffle)	[](/cheerilee 'Oh, it's a... purse?')[](/lunateehee 'Yeah... a purse.')
Upboated for narcissism. (I took a Psych class in high school one semester, so I know all that Freud shit, AMA)	U a smart motherfucker???
Every day as we become more 'connected', we subject ourselves to a wider view of the depravity humanity has always gorged itself on.	That is the truth, If you do not want to know every abomination that happens in the world, I do not recommend you search the internet.  newlinechar 
I can honestly say I don't believe I've ever seen a mod comment, much less in anything I've ever posted.  I'm.. speechless.  Thanks for the confidence boost! :3	Whats the point in making a community if your not gonna contribute to it? And anyway Im glad your happy because when the peasants are happy Im happy :)
The line represents where the focus plane is inside the camera, just in case you are in a situation where it matters such as calculating 'bellows extension' exposure compensation (e.g. when using extension tubes).	Film plane or sensor plane when digital, not the focal plane.
The acting really has a HUGE DICK. 	captain subtle... 
Let's get the campaign started now to get him to win Motor Trend Car of the Year.	Contact 'em: http://www.motortrend.com/contactus/ newlinechar  newlinechar For MotorTrend's 'Car of the Year' award - I would like to nominate the 2012 Steven Colbert. He's rough, rugged, all American made, and has outstanding resale value.
It's amazing to think there are people reading this are probably too young to have had the chance of seeing that story.	Yeah, I hate all of those 7 year olds on Reddit. So annoying.
[Source](http://the-kirana.deviantart.com/gallery/#/d4lhpqd)	/r/cosplay 
I got skills	Nice man
Yeah, you're going to give them a way more interesting story than 'Sharpie up the rectum'. That's every day for them.	[It makes for a hilarious thread though.](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/r7u4w/does_anyone_know_how_to_remove_objects_from_ones/)
Which turntable do you think would be better in the 200 to 300 dollar range then?	I was referring to the album LOL. 
I hope so! More ghost kid!	There are many occasions where sarcasm is lost in translation over the internet. newlinechar  newlinechar This was not such an occasion.
I'm not  implying that it's a bad thing, I love these sounds!  newlinechar  newlinechar Just wondering if I was the only one who got that impression :P	Agreed, love both.  Just saying the similarities are definitely present
I disagree.  I'd be pleased right out of my socks if nothing was going to stop my prospective employee from getting to that interview.	I'd hire anyone who turns up with a freaking bed end handcuffed to their wrist... I'd have to question their lifestyle... And question even more about how they got a shirt and suit jacket on.
When I hear Oregon, I think of that trail I used to traverse in a covered wagon, hunting buffalo and writing inappropriate tombstones for those suckers who died of exhaustion.	Well it's Oregon first of all, and secondly, that's precisely what we want you to think we're all about. 
So awkward..	You're telling me. The funny thing was is that I couldn't understand the last 2 or 3 words of what he said for each of his jokes, so I just had to laugh and nod
Yes I am actually, some people are just monsters and should be put down. 	What does the death penalty solve that life in prison doesn't? Other than the needless destruction of life, I mean.
The one and only... SCUBA ZEKE!!!!	Yes sir
gold	Silver.
Sorry :/ I thank you for your patience! I showed the photo to a friend of mine who didn't see it right away. He thought it was just another chunk of meat! 	Chunky BEAR meat, perhaps?
we had to wear footwear that covered up our foot. that boy is wearing sandals...	Closed toed shoes and long pants, even when its 95 outside in the spring. I've gotten used to it through more labs in College though.
Looks like the results of face analysis software as used on the posted image.	Despite the mass of downvotes, that is kind of a cool bot from a tech perspective. 
As another Jeremy, I approve of all Jeremys. 	As a third Jeremy, you know the rest..
my favorite edit, well done!	Thank you!
Which state? Unless you're talking about federal police?	Nah NSW police.. Can you help? I keep coming to dead ends and language I don't really understand.
A lot of atheists don't seem too keen on feminism either. 	That's because a lot of atheists probably don't know what actual feminism is.
Neither did she.	http://i.imgur.com/e20uF.gif
- Almost Politically Correct Redneck.	Almost Politically Correct Black Guy newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY 
Podras profundizar?	Claro! http://i.imgur.com/Gjqyn.png newlinechar  newlinechar Afortunada o desafortunadamente las herramientas para modificar CUALQUIER COSA vista (y 'screenshoteada') en el navegador estn (literalmente) al alcance de todos. newlinechar  newlinechar En la actualidad es dificil creerte un pantallazo, si sabes como se manejan estas cosas.
I always imagine that it is a loving reference to Microsoft's days as a vendor of BASIC implementations: newlinechar  newlinechar     10 M$='HELLO, WORLD.' newlinechar     20 PRINT M$ newlinechar 	You get double internet points if you said M String, in your head. 
Oh, jeez.  Makes you wonder about the people that make those apps, and the info they collect. :P	lmao
So I guess it's more than 2,600 people.	Yes, and it would seem that out of all of them, the responses of merely 179 of them were used to make this claim.
Yea that one made me lose my shit. 	Yep this one is '4chan unique'
love revlon nail polishes!	They always have nice colors too!
i don't need to be drunk to sleep through stuff. once my wife woke me up to tell me there was a shooting across the street. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, we moved the next week.	Last semester I slept through my roommate's parties despite the walls literally shaking due to his subwoofer. When I was in middle school I slept while the police searched my backyard for a rapist. They ended up pulling a gun on my rabbit when their search dog went crazy.
Wow dude. Its hard for me to say no to strangers at parties who want me to smoke them up, let alone friends! 	if you have enough bud it's the best way to meet new frients 
There were 3.4 million likes on facebook.  3.4 likes --&gt; 34%	Although when you think about it basic math proves that wrong. newlinechar  newlinechar When converting a decimal to a percentage you're supposed to move the decimal two places to the right so technically 3.4 = 340% newlinechar  newlinechar I demand a 340% IP boost!
The Mid-west in the states. Wonderful place really!!	Wyoming? Utah?
Upvote Island.	Upboat Island
Yet most had the same slippery hands as Finley did last year unfortunately.	Imagine Rodgers true numbers...
Probability of getting a 6: 1/6. Probability of me wanting it: 1. newlinechar 	probability of getting a six prolly more like 1/1000, it will almost always land horizontally.
Except that was in a porno theater. Big difference!	Challenge accepted.
[*le meet me in*](/kyot)[*le michigan*](/bigs)[*and ill cee yuo*](/gooby3)[*there*](/dolanfull)	###Ohio is close to Michigan!
alcohol works to get that off. Either 70% or more. I'm not totally sure/don't remember if isopropyl alcohol (rubbing alcohol) works but I know for a fact that ethanol does. newlinechar  newlinechar Sincerely,  newlinechar  newlinechar someone who has access to 95% ethanol.	Confirmed as useful. 
I mean, I think the delivery guys should be fined, too. Just because it's a shitty job doesn't mean they can bike like crazy fuckers.	They are probably under a lot of pressure from the restraint to make deliveries in under a certain amount of time, probably less time than realistically possible if they travel safely. I don't like it either, but it's always seemedblike a catch 22 to me.
Yup! I was called into the counseling office later in the day (for, I suppose, obvious reasons) and had to prove it was fake. 	Thank goodness. I was worried about you, read the thread and then thought it was an awesome prank. Clever...
Yeah. And don't forget, they're good pot-smoking buddies. newlinechar  newlinechar In all seriousness now, I want a pet beaver. I wonder if it's legal...	yes, hot canadian beaver is great, and often enjoys pot, but i'm pretty sure it's illegal. apparently, they are a crazy, gnarly rodent, so it is for our benefit that we can't have them in our chesterfields. or eavestroughs. 
straight, wasn't paying attention to the angle and this happened :P  newlinechar  newlinechar My first thought: My fiancee is gonna KILL me!	Hopefully the wedding isn't soon.
oh i know it, it was a great job, but i couldnt hack it with the low pay :-(	Yeah . . . I don't have much choice, there.   newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: I actually love my work, it's very fulfilling.  I come home feeling good about what I did all day.  Still, pay isn't great.  No one gives a shit about these people.
You cell-dom see that sort of humor.	When I do I cell-ibrate. 
Just so long as our tower is bigger than Seattle's I don't care.	We must not allow a tourist tower gap!
libble is ratioless	&lt;3 libble
EAT THEM ALL DOMO-CHAN!!! :DDDDD (chocolate is good for your emotions and soul)	But my figure ;_;
I'd go with a bear hug... from a bear.	Bear hug from a shark would look hilarious, though. For about 4 seconds.
AMA Delivery, ask for Trevor and tell him Matt sent ya (my frient who buys more often). Best guys in the business!	AMA is awesome! Their hash is bomb!
ummm... why not do the same to the boss and shoot him against a wall?	Didn't fit?
It's better than the [!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2P5qbcRAXVk) sound. newlinechar  newlinechar I took it off because it kept scaring the crap out of me.	Wow. That is the most perfect description for that sound...
3750X switches have to re-program the ASICS on certain IOS updates, can take 45 minutes! Do that remote the first time, not sure if you should be shitting bricks or being cool for almost a whole hour.	Some Nexus upgrades can take upwards of 8 hours from what I hear.  
From what I understand EVE is fairly close to this	I was about to say EVE as well.  Every so often someone posts mind-blowing EVE stories on reddit, and it's all unscripted yet every bit as gripping as a single player quest.  It's the future of MMOs for sure.
For that kind of function, you might be better of buying some cheap routers and using something like OpenWRT. You can easily get routers for $30 that will do what you're after and they have the advantage of multiple ethernet interfaces and wireless built in. 	That's actually the plan. The nodes of the mesh will be WRT routers. It will still need a web server for what I plan to do.
Excellent. We don't get thrillers down here that often.	Never being scared, kind of sucks?
Well I got Mio as a gift from some guy at Waseda University, because I was wearing my Azu-Nyan T-shirt.  But the Azusa one was like 2,000 yen so around $30?	So cheap ;_;
Everyone wants better service but nobody wants to live next to a tower, or have to look at one. Same reason we can't get good wind farms going. 	OT: Wind farms here in Germany are beautiful.  Just took some design and engineering to make it look right.
lol this little guy down to me from the tree... after a bit up 'calling' down to him, he came down and hung out for a while lol	thats so awesome ;_; all the ones I ever see run away too quickly. I'm also afraid they may have rabies. 
Having been on both ends of the unguided rocket/helicopter tango, I can safely say there are few things as insulting as getting shot out of the sky by an RPG.	Getting shot by a pistol sitting on the side of a chopper as an engineer? True story.  newlinechar  newlinechar I had to shame quit.
I believe you mean it was a nigger horse.	I prefer the term black beauty.
Puttin on the ritz.	Rawrraar rar raraaaaaowww
Remember that time... when Oxxide asked you that question? What was that like?	I  heard about that. Heard Oxxide was awesome. Beyond awesome, even. Such a big celebrity now, I wonder if he remembers us little people.
Shiny :)	My eyes!
Sci-Re just doesn't roll off the tongue as well.	Still better than Syfy.
Yeah, Night of the Living Dead isn't less black and white.	Actually, it is. It has more hues of gray than the comic.
I wish it was that easy. I don't know what company just to start. I don't have a dream to make the next best thing. Plus, if we were all internet entrepreneurs, who would clean our toilets?	porn!
I don't know. Tin Tin has such a perfectly round face and head. Thomson96 doesn't really.	I just realized that you totally mentioned complexion, my apologies.
Even reading the youtube comments I'm not entirely sure what's going on.	armour hacs? whats going on
plain goldfish with no water........so much difficulty swallowing.	Dude don't scare me like that. I thought you took a goldfish out of its tank and ate it; hence the 'no water'.
Ginger beer? Isn't that from that other Harry?	It's a brew made of ginger, sugar, lemon, and ginger beer plant, and tastes exceptionally delicious with gin. 
Yeah, they have two, to the left and right of home. [Here's a picture of one of the tanks](http://www.advancedaquarist.com/blog/MarlinsAquariumFinished2.jpg). newlinechar  newlinechar I just wonder about how the designers handle the vibrations. I could definitely see some extremely stressed out, possibly dead fish if they didn't insulate the tanks properly.	If they weren't fish PETA would be all up in arms about the thing, but they aren't furry and cute animals, they're just fish. 
Rum diary	Written by Hunter S. Thompson, though not as trippy as his later books. Great story, great film, yet not a great film for the mainstream. Hate to sound like a hipster, but it's true.
I guess it's at collectible status now. That's the graphic novel version, by the way. newlinechar  newlinechar The regular text version can be had for much cheaper in the anthology it was originally published with: newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.amazon.com/Legends-Stories-Masters-Modern-Fantasy/dp/0765300354/ref=sr_1_3?s=books&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1338527808&amp;sr=1-3	Also, it's not his only other Westeros story. He followed it up with *The Sworn Sword* in the *Legends II* anthology, and *The Mystery Knight* in the *Warriors 1* anthology.
sorry, but there really is nothing cool about a training city for the idf with a mosque.	Right, it should be filled with ponies, stars, and be completely unrealistic, correct?
try the former. I spent 19 hours and only got my monk to level 44. 15 seems a little bit short of the average in my mind.	Yeah I've been going pretty fast with my DH and she is lebvel 49 at ~17 hours. I did get slowed down some and afk'd a little but even at that I'd expect a normal person who is rushing through things to take over 20 hours for level 60.
or you can change the security type :/	Ours doesn't support WEP at all, sadly.
TOO SIMPLE, OP'S FRIENDS ARE CLEARLY THE SCUM OF THE EARTH	CALL THE MOB! newlinechar  newlinechar EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE MOBS!
A pedophile walks up to a kid crying in the woods. the kid says that his parents just got killed in an auto accident. The pedophile says, 'this just isn't your day' as he unzips his pants. 	The noise that came out of me when reading this was inhuman.
i cant think of any other black inventors	He wasn't black, he invented the cotton gin
Oh wow, I bet that was a great show! Where and when?	At the Granada in Dallas like a month ago. Fucking phenomenal. 
Proof?	Yeah, prove it.
Got outta the ghetto, made tons of money, makes movies for kids, what an asshole	What ghetto? He lived was middle-class household.
Loss?  Looks like he just gained: newlinechar 1. Resin newlinechar 2. An excuse to get a clean pipe. newlinechar  newlinechar Win win. 	pipe shopping for stoners is like shoe shopping for rich bimbo bitches. 
Thank you, my internet friend!	Can I too, be your internet friend?
Well my net earning of -$9,000 a year will drop us down.	Yeah my salary is okay but net worth thanks to student loans is a whole lot of negatives.
####LE WHERE DO YOU LIVE AND WHO DO YOU ATTACK? LE I ALSO LIVE IN LE TRKIYE AND I WANNA ATTACK LE RUSSIANS BUT I FORGOT LE WHERE LEY ARE	###I am in Brazil, and I am bravely declaring war on Brazil City.   newlinechar ####Fuck you Brazil City!
i think those drops are exclusive to the DJs, but you could try to rip it from a song that has it in it already.	Indeed. TRAP-A-HOLICS!
I was wondering about kyles part, but it's to late now.	:&lt;
I heard that Disney requires their stars to have them taped down or something, to keep them flatter. (while on camera, of course.)	Sounds like a challenge for MythBusters.
That's actually pretty cool. 	*a man, a plan, a canal, panama*   newlinechar -about Teddy Roosevelt 
This is by far one of the most twisted things I've ever seen.  What the fuck does not even begin to describe it.	I was relieved to see that she was [sentenced to 50 years in prison](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chante_Jawan_Mallard).
[Don't forget this one.](http://i35.tinypic.com/330se1e.gif)	Nice. I need to add this to my collection.
thanks capt. obvious	I would never want to hack that login, holy shit
MOSSFLOWERRRRR!!!!	LOGALOGALOOOOOOOG!!!
In all seriousness, a lot of models don't care about showing their breasts. 	I wish Kate Upton was like a lot of models. 
He's so stupidly adorable. I love how he looks right as she's getting up, like he could barely wait to see some cute girlbutt. newlinechar  newlinechar  Apologies for tinypic - is there a better place for gifs?	[imgur](http://imgur.com/), just drag and drop and they should upload. I use a chrome extension called[ imgur the world](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/naicjelodgogagjjkgepdkjecopegkag) and I just right click a picture and it uploads to imgur.  newlinechar  newlinechar [imgur link](http://i.imgur.com/SzVSL.gif) 
Remind me to not go to the school with you...	why not? 
Very true. I keep the car because 1) it's paid off and 2) it's useful for road trips. I live in Seattle, and if I get the car out it's leaving Seattle city limits.	I was just teasing. I very much appreciate the benefits to owning a car. They're expensive but it sounds like you have a pretty amazing insurance deal.
It really is a nice shade of purple.	I like that in the FAQ, he is very understandably difficult and straight to the point.
Absolutely. It's fascinating how something you don't agree with that's upvoted becomes 'the hivemind' and something you do agree with that's upvoted becomes a shining beacon of independent thought. newlinechar  newlinechar 	This applies to genders to, when we ask 'Why do girls ____'. newlinechar  newlinechar Strange.
if the government taxes you $4 on your healthcare insurance to create a superfund... isn't that universal healthcare?  in spirit if not in fact? 	It is, but again, what percentage is that of the total market?  I'm guessing that it isn't much.  Hardly even worth talking about.  4$ a month is about 2-3% of the monthly cost of an average insurance plan.  
I only have $500 USD to build my new PC. Seeing people brag like this is a bit dissapointing as this is my first gaming PC in like ten years (super poor) even though I'm a pretty constant PC user.	I didn't interpret this post as bragging at all. It is a decent computer, sure, but nothing outstanding. It seems like he is just being helpful to me.
Really? I thought he was a good person. If I knew my child was getting anything less than 100 in a test then I would just have them aborted.	wat
In which case, you can link it in your self post.	Sometimes there's nothing to add though because the infograph sort of explains everything. 
Haha, I guess Reddit didn't care for your personal story. I feel bad, but I guess that's what you get for sharing on the Internets (here's an upvote).	Lolz, thanks.
Reddit and the media are focusing in on these stories exactly because of people like you. newlinechar  newlinechar I don't mean this offensively, just it's true. newlinechar Zombies can't scientifically exist, and diseases happen all the time, can't be worse than super spreadable necrotizing facitus.	I should have mentioned that I wasn't suggesting that it IS zombie apocalypse. Merely wondering what the significance of these stories appearing in such a rapid fire fashion... newlinechar 
We need to buff the respiration enchantments now. Otherwise you'll have to build an air pocket and continually return to it to keep from dying. Kind of takes the action out of our new exciting additions, doesn't it?	There could be parts in the sunken ships that have air
Why, thank you!	... are you him?
Yes, half elf and half pig. I thought we had already established that?	I dunno, looks kinda half-pig, half-elf.....
Scrambles are pretty lax on the rules. It's just for fun.	yup, its just an excuse to get out and have a good time. Have a few drinks, if youre playing well its a bonus if not you can get another drink.  newlinechar  newlinechar Just dont walk on peoples putting lines and youll be fine. 
also doing this between never wanting to see what's down there again and being fascinated &gt;.&gt;	if I think of my genitals in an objective way, and only as a way of me gratifying myself, it isn't bad at all.
Claro! http://i.imgur.com/Gjqyn.png newlinechar  newlinechar Afortunada o desafortunadamente las herramientas para modificar CUALQUIER COSA vista (y 'screenshoteada') en el navegador estn (literalmente) al alcance de todos. newlinechar  newlinechar En la actualidad es dificil creerte un pantallazo, si sabes como se manejan estas cosas.	Es cierto...pero dicen por ahi que ya no esta la pagina.  De las veces que han puesto cosas asi...siempre busco la fuente en FB y resulta ser verdadero
Yes, but we need to... peer review.	as you know, peer reviews include **exhaustive** collection of data and evidence to support these hypotheses...
I don't have any of the discs you want, but I would be willing to buy the wraith.	the champion? or do you have any other discs youd be willing to trade?
I really hope I am. I have 144 hours played...	Ah nvm, just logged in now   don't think I lost anything at all. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar PHEW.
New in TF2!	Old in KoL
Not only does it soften your hair follicles, it also doubles as a tasty treat after your shave!	It's like dessert after you eat the oatmeal soap in the shower. 
Well... that does explain why people were pissed off at you.	I am so confused, can you give me a low down? 
Life must be fun inside your mom's basement.  	Those oppressed rural people.
This is at the Nile Theater, correct? newlinechar 	Correct you are,my friend.
wreck + airbag = NOPE!	I think you just gave my nightmares more fuel... that would be like firing a spider out of a shotgun at your face... 
Defiantly a repost whore. newlinechar Probably has tons of RTDs, Reposting Transmitted Diseases 	Defiantly?
Only one person downvoted him. newlinechar  newlinechar But yeah, I'd really like to know what goes through peoples' minds when they downvote perfectly relevant, unbiased posts??	some men just want to watch the world burn.
Severus snape.	and Dumbledor!
As an owner of a lawnmower, can we stop putting ethanol in gasoline? When it sits for the winter, it is corrosive to the parts.	I've heard the same thing from people who maintain snow-mobiles for emergency purposes at ski resorts. Their shop stopped using any ethanol and they stopped burning through motors, was the report. 
[ADWD](/b 'Remember your name!')	[ADWD](/b 'Reek Reek it rhymes with freak')
I for one welcome our avian overlords...	Let us prepare the sacrifice! 
He must have a hard time differentiating between what is and isn't rational behavior.	The daughter also had a hard time differentiating.
So instead you have a classroom full of students barking at a dog?	This one is well trained, so no. The last one.... newlinechar Lets just say there was a 'Rev bit me' facebook group. That damn dog was gorgeous, but crazy.
Just want to say that is my favorite lance skin so far.	Story Quest reward from finishing Sky Garden. I love it and hope there's a template for it. It's so awesome I took off my vanity sword.
That dative case.....	[Mmmm...](http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/21289219.jpg)
I'm sending you a message.	...that's creepy. 
Well, yeah, but not like I do when I'm doing the Mario. 	I'm partial to the Luigi myself
It's a great picture, it's just a ridiculous reason to riot	Yea, I thought the picture was incredible until I read what the protest was about. 
Honestly i've used shotties more since the patch. newlinechar I've mastered the 3 Semi autos, added 450 kills with the 870, and am intending to master the USAS before its second nerf (I feel dirty using it)	There was a time when M320 and USAS were in my top 5. But I'm clean now, you know? I'm not that man anymore. I felt like a monk dedicating myself to knocking the USAS and M320 off my top 5 awhile back. 
One of those animated-whiteboard videos discussed it well. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6XAPnuFjJc newlinechar 	Thank you for the link. That was an awesome video.
Thanks, now I want spaghetti.	You don't keep any in your fanny pack?
Particularly because Muhammad sometimes fasted on those days.	Muhammad (peace be upon him)
They didn't want [*me*](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-Y9lSYxCg96o/TdyJcair8UI/AAAAAAAAAYI/0UbGpFtWmqw/s1600/Leroy%2Bthe%2BLlama_SMALL.jpg) in /r/aww. =[	Upvote for pure bizarrity.
They could take turns 'pressuring' WhoreZain.	I'm not a whore :(
They have this crap in Australia too.  You can get a diploma in Business Administration (a.k.a. Typing &amp; Excel).  newlinechar  newlinechar Depressing.	The job is something different than the training. They basically want a shop assistant and stock taker. 2.60/hr from the government and free labour it seems for business.
But then you have to deal with the clicking noises everytime you enter the wheat farm.	Minecraft world problems
r/guns is a tough crowd.	More like a stupid crowd.  Nothing tough about most of the dumbasses in here posting pics of their food, cats, and mosin's. 
[This needs to be a real thing! I laughed so hard while reading this xD](http://i.imgur.com/SjNPb.gif)	That smug little laughing fucker.
I'm Dan...who the fuck are you?	My name Mac Miller, who the fuck are you?
Indiana actually :)	Way off! Lol
at*  newlinechar  newlinechar Im just being a dick, by the way. Merry modding:)	I'm* newlinechar  newlinechar Just being a dick. Learning by example. Carry on.
[Uneven conferences.](http://www.nhl.com/ice/standings.htm?season=19801981&amp;type=con#&amp;navid=nav-stn-conf)	9-57-14, ouch.
If its 12 o'clock in, say, new York, and you are exactly on the north pole, then move towards new York, would it be 12 o clock for you? Then if you run around the north pole at, say, 20 meter radius, would you just constantly be passing time zones?	That is indeed correct. You can jump from timezone to timezone like that. The closer you are to the actual north pole point, the easier for you it would be until the distance becomes 0. At that point, it could be any time.
I'd buy these not because they are pipes, but because these are damn works of art.	Yeah, I've owned a couple of pipes similar to these.  Its kind of a nice thing to have, but you never use them because they're so expensive.
I know the guy on the left. Definitely not gay.	Can you confirm this/find the source of this image? Did someone grab it off of facebook or something? newlinechar  newlinechar I think what has happened was that someone found two guys that, as 0987654312 put it, look gay, and is whoring them for Karma.
But it has red on it!	Better not put up a picture of my penis then huh?
They still do. 	I stay up late on Saturdays to watch it on PBS and have for several years.
Umm... yes. You gave people fake money. Can you give me a reason for a 'no'?	He means should you personally go to jail if you spent the fake money, not knowing it was fake.
No-one likes us newlinechar No-one likes us newlinechar No-one likes us newlinechar We don't care	We are Sounders, mighty Sounders; we are Sounders, from Brougham End!
I took it to mean 'challenge yourself, go beyond your comfort zone and figure something cool out', not 'be a virtuoso'. That'd be silly.	An awful lot of musicians do espouse that sentiment, unfortunately, and think that the only good music is flashy music. Guitarists in particular often seem to have this problem.
Oh, I get you. Honestly wasn't aware of the 'No screenshots' rule on WTF. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Who's downvoting this guy? He's totally correct, and I did break the rules of the subreddit.	I know, right? WTF?
Aaaand you've now secured that place a firm portion of the Bellinghipster market.	Shit.
ewwww gold to credit conversion	You know I do it sometimes ... I just weigh it ... should I play another battle for just 100 credits when I can convert 1 gold ... 
I carry the trident tango, too, it's a pretty good blade but after a year, I've found the clip to now be a bit wobbly. I keep mine in my back pocket, though, hem is too big on my front pocket, somehow.	Yeah back right pocket all the way! I bent the clip on the regular trident right before the 'SOG' so be careful it's weak there. 
SO BRAVE	Probably the only time I have up voted this idiotic outburst.
My DM read all of this, and he said the next time he DM's (which will be after me, and I actually am starting a new game this saturday) that he was making part 2, and that he's been inspired.	So is he going for my bleak version or his redemption version?
One does not simply parse natural language with Regexs...	That is the central point that cucumber apologists don't get. That way madness lies.
Shirley, you can't be serious. 	I am serious... and don't call me Shirley.
I will. I swear.	we believe you man
[Have some mind bleach.](http://tehcrashxor.deviantart.com/art/Pumpkin-Cake-s-New-Toy-304973488) newlinechar  newlinechar [and some more.](http://tehcrashxor.deviantart.com/art/Cupcake-with-a-Dash-of-something-extra-304973504)	[WHY?!](http://i.imgur.com/7nuLn.gif)
On a hill?	Yes.
Haggen in Lake Stevens	Rabble rabble rabble! Lake Stevens is not Seattle!
This is not an anime forum. please stop that	what did he say?
oops. What do you guys want it to say?	Readers? Unless we have a better term for the likes of us.
I'm doing the exact same thing this summer! I have an apartment that I found through idealista.com and will be staying in Madrid for the entire month of July. If you want to meet up or strike out together, PM me.	Awesome, will shoot you a message.
They actually have those, they sell them in slices.	Thanks! But I must make my own. For honor.
A SPC makes more than a 2LT under two years.  And you got gall suggesting an Officer not uphold ethical standards.  If he was your PL making YOU buy a magazine, you'd surely cry foul.  Ethics are non-negotiable, his commander is wrong.	Where'd you come up with that?  newlinechar  newlinechar You're usually a straight enough shooter but when you're off azimuth it's by 180 degrees, man.
How have you got all this crap already?! I have nothing!	I'm a badass
Im going to a bunch more now :) newlinechar 	[Here](http://imgur.com/a/PwcmT)
Yep.	Was the other guy Borat's fat partner?
The Left: Our opponents are liars and thieves  newlinechar  newlinechar The Right: Our opponents are liars and thieves  newlinechar  newlinechar Me: You are all liars and thieves newlinechar  newlinechar dance for my amusement 	&gt; Me: You are all liars and thieves newlinechar  newlinechar Ah, the eternal bravery of having no opinion at all.....
http://www.g4tv.com/videos/58728/joe-rogan-returns-to-aots/	Sweet and one that works on an iPad at that. Good form!
Tom Hardy, hands down. The ending was disappointing. Her loss though.	I was so mad.
It was a joke implying that his roommate was his mother. newlinechar  newlinechar [How I imagine your brain.](http://rgifs.gifbin.com/052011/1304618376_tumbleweed-gif.gif) newlinechar  newlinechar Edited for gram-gram.	the inner machinations of his mind is an enigma.
I like trains.	Trains like I.
Until the tank realises what's going on, does a speed reverse and shoots you with the main gun ;)	He doesn't have time, you disable him in few seconds. I never thought I would seriously say this, but the blowtorch is truly OP.
You can still call her Mortred. Renames haven't stopped people from saying Naix, Furion, Krob, etc...	Her in-lore name will probably still be Mortred, since Mortred comes from Arthurian legends and therefore is royalty-free.
It will be the site of the Half-Life 3 announcement	bookmarked!
It's kinda hilarious that I was actually afraid of this guy. http://i.imgur.com/HxALf.jpg	The genie vending machine in 'Big'?
'Feminism is a collection of movements aimed at defining, establishing, and defending equal political, economic, and social rights **for** women.' newlinechar Males are not a part of that agenda, hence I return to my previous statement: newlinechar &gt; Feminism is a sexist movement. newlinechar 	So MLK hated whites? LGBT groups hate straights? Cancer researchers think heart disease is nothing to worry about?
Well, not Dax, necessarily. I didn't think I could pull her off. A Starfleet Trill, though.	I recognized the new-style uniform you were wearing and it reminded me of [that time travel episode she was in](http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3621/3294058689_f39595b1a7.jpg).
Well I don't mind prayer at the table because it is their house and they should be able to pray, but this is a public school and different standards apply.	While I agree 100%, it's one small blip on the radar of life that could turn into a serious bullshit episode.  Isn't just getting through it the better option?  It's a 'pick your battles' mentality.
And what is it she's asking if anyone will notice? Is it the missing paw, or the ridiculous foreshadowing? I like to think it's the latter. 	God damn
Sure, I've got all of them.  I'll be happy to hook you up	Hey, thanks man. I just need to borrow your account to download, it won't be for too long. I'll probably do it tomorrow evening. 
Nice!  I have a hundred more hours than you and I'm still only 89! :D	Well his SPM is somewhere in the neighborhood of 740, far above average.
You cannot look at guys like that. No guy is going to be exactly like the one before him. You have to communicate with every partner. 	Definitely this... No guy is the same, some guys prefer big boobs, others prefer a girl with a big booty. newlinechar  newlinechar These type if things you have to know from a guy before heading into the bedroom.
C10H15N newlinechar LSD newlinechar Nitrous Oxide	Asked for opinion, downvoted when given.
Make life take the shirts back! newlinechar Yeah take the shirts!	I like this guy. 
I gave it the three episode test with an open mind. I liked what I saw.	Exactly what I did, I watched the first three episodes and that was enough to convince me that it is a good show [](/happyluna)
UPVOTE TO UPVOTE THIS POST.	UPVOTE IF YOU RECOGNIZE A NATURAL RECURSION. newlinechar  newlinechar JUST KIDDING GUYS I'M IN IMMUNOLOGY.
*Sobbing* newlinechar  newlinechar All I want is to see him in all his [beautiful glory!](http://i.imgur.com/pZ5ga.gif)	*That had me awkwardly laughing for quite a while* ...  newlinechar  newlinechar [This needs to be blown up and put into HD...](http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m4qf7nODh01qd0j6z.gif)
awwwww yaaaaaaa, well good luck with whatever your going through, you will eventually get out of town	Thanks man! I appreciate it!
Glad you like them Bobsaid.  Sorry about the burn.  Hmm. newlinechar JD	It won't stop me from enjoying them and it's only one I've had issues with.  All the other Drew Estates I've had have been great. 
well they DO firebomb people they don't like	I think the main concern would be Rabies... I'm fairly sure this is unsafe.
'Hiiii. How are you? I don't think we've met.' newlinechar  newlinechar This one? It's the bane of my existence since 45 seconds ago. 	Ad. newlinechar  newlinechar Block.
I hope you understand that energy drinks are way worse then pop, right?	Oh, I know. They're one of the few vices I've got, though, and I only drink one a day at most. . .whereas I was gulping down multiple cans of soda at the height of my soda-binging days :P
people dismiss ideas because it is easier than actually taking the time to learn about them and then compare it to their current world view. newlinechar  newlinechar American politics has been and will always be divided on some major issues.	&gt;people dismiss ideas because it is easier than actually taking the time to learn about them newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Me: You are all liars and thieves newlinechar  newlinechar ...
Actually it isn't. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Try doing an image search for 'car' and then one for 'jeep' and see what happens.	A jeep is a type of car.
The movie is Groundhog Day. I browsed through the top like 15 comments and it wasn't even mentioned.	Thanks. I was trying to remember the name of this movie
Sounds like you're thinking of 'A Thousand Deaths' by Orson Scott Card newlinechar  newlinechar http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Thousand_Deaths_(short_story)	Wow, thank you!  That is the one I was thinking of!
How did you print them out or did't you?	Got em at the ticket office at AT&amp;T
'There won't be humans in 500 years. Enough people choke themselves when they jerk off we gave it a name. We ain't a species made to last.'	I for one am only worried about one lifetime, and it's almost at it's half way point.
If you search there are ways to add to the right click menu. I would find it but currently on my phone.	You are right... newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.sevenforums.com/tutorials/47415-open-command-window-here-administrator.html newlinechar  newlinechar Tested and working.
Same comedy troupe/writers with multiple skits;  newlinechar  newlinechar Some skits' jokes hit you and make you laugh, but some skits' humor just misses and make you go 'what the fuck was that'.	yes. i get that part - though great explanation.. but i dont get Borrids comment. 'hit and miss' ?!
Why? It's full of awesome one-liners and has a great cast.	For me, great cast + awesome one liners =/= great movie. I need a great story too.
Yeah companies that offer classic services like Facebook and MySpace tend to stick around forever. 	Based off of all that evidence you have of previous social networking giants... Right?
Pique is wasted at centre back! I'd take him as a tricky attacking midfielder for most other teams in the world	Pique is refereed to as the Piquenbauer for a reason :)
my bad, bro. 12.0	It's all good, man.
This, or a molted crawdad/crawfish. 	not a crawdad.  Has wings. 
Can I too, be your internet friend?	[Yes!](http://www.gifsforum.com/images/gif/yes/grand/easy_rider_yes_gif.gif)
They have a picture for everything.	Rule 35: if it exists, there's a .jpg of it
I shave my head occasionally with a DE. It just takes too long and that's why I still have the fusion around for. newlinechar  newlinechar I just followed the links on the side to buy my first kit.	I was afraid that would be the case. Oh well. Probably still get the straight for my face/neck.
That's even worse than losing your Nutella jar!	Whoah whoah! Think about what you just said.
That, and the idea is that people would know that before buying the game and then get it on 360 for that perk. And then complain when they get to miss out on all the cool mods.	I still feel bad that my PC can't really run it, so I had to get it for my console. Some day when I have money for a new computer perhaps... 
Go back in time bro. 	Fuck, where did I put my Tardis?
Anecdotes are garbage for the most part.  There are anecdotes of people who get shot in the head and survive, yet you won't hear some jackass go 'Getting shot in the head isn't always fatal...I LIVED!'	Guys, I got shot in the head and survived, and it changed my life. It caused me to rethink things and I now have a new lease on life. I highly recommend you guys get shot in the head. Sometimes getting shot in the head is what works. 
You eat Moon Sugar, or use it as a flavoring. Skooma is a liquid and is either drunk or smoked in a [skooma pipe](http://images.wikia.com/elderscrolls/images/c/ce/SkoomaPipe_MW.png).	TIL about Tamrieli drugs....
don't worry I didn't haha I'm not that brave	Well worth the search. I'm so jealous. 
MANOWAR.	MANOWAR
or spinning.	Or spinning backwards.
Yeah, Westport used to be it's own town. It's streets were aligned to the Santa Fe trail, I think. Isn't it the other way around: missouri built magnetic north/south (the only technology at the time), and kansas built geographic north/south decades later?	I think you are correct on both accounts - but I simply think it is hilarious that the MO side is off by 5 degrees.  The streets do not line up well.
(Flashback to friend getting killed) There are 10 rings on an archery target.	That right there is an interesting story.
Actually, yeah. That would bring up some interesting effects.	Could result in interesting effects.
splicing human and animal DNA to get the ideal 	They remind me of the '[Reborn](http://www.reborn-baby.com/)' series of babies that I saw on some sort of documentary on TV (Taboo maybe?).  They're obviously supposed to be extremely realistic baby dolls....but they're just kind of creepy.
Get an extreme slow motion camera.	Those are actually called 'high speed' cameras, because they capture more frames per second (resulting in a slower video, if you play it at the same framerate as a regular video). The More You Know^TM
Sex will ease a a womans headache... Never let that be an excuse!	Oh honey I'm not in the mood, I think I have a mild concussion, night!
Dammit. I was planning on going to see it again tomorrow, and that will bug me the whole time.	[It's undeniable](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_VGXoslaJ_QE/TCKjGuOs8_I/AAAAAAAAAHo/fPHKhV4phFA/s1600/119488890.jpg) newlinechar  newlinechar Also the dude who plays Loki is named Tom Hiddleston, so unfortunately Fabregas gets the better of Thudd. Goddamn football. 
i love the First Strike. the handle has some sort of ray skin around it for 'improved grip' its a beautiful knife. 	I know, its one one of my favorites I love how thick the spine is. I've had it for 5/6 years and not a speck of rust or any problem for that matter. 
Figured that would be most likely but still it wasn't posted/said so we had no way of knowing and I felt that it's serious enough to note.	It is indeed serious, which is why I upvoted you just now. But Spit is right, consent forms were signed.
I don't get why you have to ad  after . 	 needs to come after a verb.  is a noun, so you have to say  again in order to get the verb in before the .
OK, I looked at the code but wasn't sure. I wanted to make a template to make it easier for sprite designers and myself in the future.	Yeah, I need to write a contributors guide for artwork.
###I am in Brazil, and I am bravely declaring war on Brazil City.   newlinechar ####Fuck you Brazil City!	I don't blame you for wanting to wipe them off the map. 
I'm not too good at classifying art. What the word for 'trippy-ass shit' art?	I'm not sure which kind of art it is. I guess abstract would suffice. Either way, thanks for the comments!
right? Like he even had pink lipstick. PINK!	Plus light blue nail polish and female voice actors for both the Japanese and English dubs. 
YOU STOLE MY INKBLOT. newlinechar  newlinechar I'LL FUCKING CUT YOU. newlinechar  newlinechar A SLICE OF PIE. newlinechar  newlinechar AND THEN EAT IT IN FRONT OF YOU. newlinechar  newlinechar INSTEAD OF GIVING IT TO YOU.	Yes! And grudge rhymes with fudge!
How did you figure out it was you? The underwear? newlinechar  newlinechar Nice butt by the way.	Yeah. The picture is awful so you can't see, but those are little maracss that say 'shake it'.  Also, purse ans photo of back of head helped. 
First time I have seen his ultimate...how much is that bundle again? I could have sworn this game was free to play... Damn my wallet hurts 	Why not buy with IP? I'm saving up right now.
please, for the love of karma, practice the hell out of this dance and get it on tape.	Yes, think of all that delicious karma
I always wondered what server are you guys on? cause I would love to join your guild :D	You can find those details in the sidebar.
It's not a bad product, it's just not for today's web dev (ruby/python/JavaScript frameworks). It's good for some light work.	Yeah, good point. newlinechar  newlinechar Although it's certainly not worth paying full price though.
Are you cereal? I'm almost entirely not uncertain that this is a bot	1...2... Yup double negative checks out he's good. 
Or as I like to call it, the Tequila Sunrise kit	The Astros want their Unis back... http://www.toptenz.net/wp-content/uploads/2008/06/houston-astros-uniform.jpg
Gay African-American Buttocks Penis	####NICE TRY, RECONROSE!
As someone who browses reddit 99% of the time on an iPad, I wish I could.	Alien Blue HD. 
Yeah, that's why.	you sir, are an ass
Yeah. Once joeliath and I stayed up all night and played Street Fighter all night listening to Nyan Cat, it was awesome. 	Oh man. We got like 3 hours in. 
Statistically speaking, 1/4 of them.	lol: women
That feature is absolutely archaic. It needs to be removed from the UI IMHO.	or, you know just be optional.
Looks like something from a Dr Seuss book..	Somewhere like Whoville?
The bible he is holding could be a viable substitute.	The hat should be ON the bible...
Because alcohol prohibition was awesome, right?	Right.
&gt;That's more obnoxious spam than SW is. newlinechar  newlinechar I like how 'spam' is thrown around so nonchalantly. If the poster doesn't intend to make a profit from it, then it's not spam. 	There are (unfortunately) plenty of people on this site who consider positive karma to be profit. I imagine that, to them, any comment designed to gain karma but not add anything constructive would count as spam.
Stores are open 10-10 for most major chains. 	Not in NZ 
Do not learn anything from porn.  It's all bullshit theatrics.	Yeah I thought so too haha.
You can still access it using 3rd party software (Approved by Notch as long as no distribution), how else are mods made?	Static analysis is a thing, you know :)
[](/megustaperfect 'Step 5: Acceptance')	You know, I never see this in rage comics anymore, always in comments.
Oooo, now I have to ask	It's been an hour and you still haven't asked him. What gives?
Is 'peek' intentionally spelled wrong or is there a play on words I'm missing here?	No pun. I'm just an idiot. 
Even then, it could mandate you do nothing while it goes on.	Yeah, that's true. Apparently you can get some special item if you win that match, but it seemed ridiculously convoluted to me when I was playing it.
That's because a lot of atheists probably don't know what actual feminism is.	What's 'actual feminism'?
Uh.. All they have to do is change the skin, the model is fine. newlinechar  newlinechar Do you mean because you expect it to have big square boobs?  Male chests aren't perfectly flat either... And Steve doesn't have a big block where his dick should be.	Well of course not, they had to use Steve's dick block for the villagers noses. 
Rent is going to be crazy expensive. There are lots of apartments and condos downtown but you might be better off living elsewhere and using public transportation. 	I've come to peace with the loss of my money lol I'm just hoping the close proximity to my school will allow me to walk and save me from spending a ton of cash on gas. 
That's called a 'snortle'.	No that's a pokemon. 
I was about to say EVE as well.  Every so often someone posts mind-blowing EVE stories on reddit, and it's all unscripted yet every bit as gripping as a single player quest.  It's the future of MMOs for sure.	except they need to make one that is interesting. EVE is so very boring (Aside from rare stuff that happens)
This kills the roommate.	Depends on how much in there. Probably wouldn't work in any case unless the shower hadn't been used for a week or so and the head had been taken apart to fully dry out.
I got banned, too! newlinechar  newlinechar Hopping on the karma bannedwagon!!	~LeRe[le]vantUsername~
If it makes you feel any better, the first thought that came to my mind was 'CREEPER!'	King Kong has nothing on Colossal Creeper
[You obviously haven't seen this video on how this guy farms his monk in act 4](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdO0rBVFHm0&amp;feature=youtu.be)	Have to admit, I laughed pretty hard at that. Now I'm considering a WD instead of the monk, for fun (Have a 60 wiz).
And..	&lt;Insert peso ear picture here&gt;
Excellent.  Now your facial response if you were told you got to bone Natalie Portman ten times, but in front of an audience of five random strangers (who all had mustaches)	http://imgur.com/fNmB7
All the oceans are connected, you know.	You don't say?  So irrelevant is that fact that the largest of them (and most fished) has been directly irradiated to an unknown level by an enormous, human-enabled disaster?  Or is this a TIL thing for you?
I'm sorry for your loss.	Rest In Pepsi
lets see, i tend to rewatch: newlinechar  newlinechar - Stellvia newlinechar  newlinechar - Please Teacher. newlinechar  newlinechar - Love Hina. newlinechar  newlinechar - Nanoha S1 &amp; S2. newlinechar  newlinechar Those have been my favorite shows for years. 	Not a big fan of the first season of Nanoha, to be honest. The pacing was a bit slow, I prefer the movie.
I do think people are getting dumber (for one, I don't think that more intelligent people are having more children than less intelligent people), but that doesn't mean we're currently dumber than in the distant past.	[If anything, we're smarter.] newlinechar (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flynn_effect)
cue the annie and shirley 'awwwwwwwwww'	*Awwww!*
WOAH SPOILERS, SPOILERS. newlinechar  newlinechar nah kidding. great! i look like an incest baby!	a true child of reddit, then
Less is used with mass nouns, fewer is used with count nouns. You can count the number of people at a funeral, so the correct word would be fewer. newlinechar  newlinechar [Grammar Girl](http://grammar.quickanddirtytips.com/less-versus-fewer.aspx)	It actually is correct. 'Less' has been used this way for so long that it's gramatically correct now. Language evolves!
I had the worst lasagna of my life at stanellos. 	most of us have I think
Hopefully the wedding isn't soon.	month and a half, more than enough time. 
Are you new here?	Looks like it.
He doesn't have time, you disable him in few seconds. I never thought I would seriously say this, but the blowtorch is truly OP.	It kills tanks faster than it kills people.
BDawks is not a bad boy and he is probably the most loved in the city. 	Yeah true but he is a bad ass. Still counts.
What about his dismantling of Clay Guida, his beating of Roger Huerta when he was being hyped, his outlasting and eventual finish of Joe Lauzon  his RNC of Joe Stevenson. His battle against Nunes. Dude has been around and has been both exciting and a finisher	85% finishing rate! newlinechar 
Fuck the King's Guard, fuck the city, fuck the king. newlinechar  newlinechar (wrong subreddit?)	IF ANYONE DIES WITH A CLEAN SWORD I'LL RAPE THEIR FUCKING CORPSE. newlinechar  newlinechar And if they get pregnant, I'm not prescribing them anything based on my religious convictions.
The irony wasn't lost on me either. :)	Do you guys know where her name came from? :) newlinechar  newlinechar Super pertinent to dealing with vaginal pain. She wrote a great series of posts on overcoming vaginismus that felt like knives in her vay-jay-jay.
good to know, i must have missed that explanation somewhere 	Martha made a reference to losing her cousin, to explain the reference. newlinechar  newlinechar For Gwen, the Doctor seemed to explain it (very briefly) as being related to the rift. I don't remember the specifics of what he said though.
&lt;Insert peso ear picture here&gt;	GOD, NO IPHONE EDIT. AND AUTOCORRECT. I DUCKING HATE THIS SHUTTY PHONE.
I am the least original Jeremy on reddit TIL.	Fellow 280.
A game of thrones?! BORING!? :O newlinechar  newlinechar How can you say that :(	Well I'm only 25 pages in. Also sometimes people like different things :P
the mailman was the father, and died from the pain caused by the machine	I still don't get why he dies from the pain, childbirth can't be THAT bad if millions of women have survived it
Byron Mullens is a cool dude. I met him a couple times when he was with the Thunder.	Very friendly, not a great speaker though. Every time I would give him an update, he would sincerely thank me. He just seemed like a genuine guy. 
Oh sure, I didn't mean instantly, that's just convenient for testing.  It should still be possible. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, a well timed keypress should be able to board an empty seat when falling past an aircraft. O_O	[?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOaGhE_sejI)
In Australia it's called a goon sack.	We also invented ~~them~~ box wine. You're welcome and we're sorry.
Kettle chips are good but damn do they hurt my teeth.	My teeth are fine. I keep them all in a little box after the kettlechips removed my gums. newlinechar  newlinechar But do I ever love smackin on'em!
'Googly eyes may also be attached to inanimate objects in order to give the objects a 'silly' or 'cute' appearance.' ...and now you know.	Sometimes Wikipedia totally cracks me up, because it's like the straight man in a Vaudeville act.
This is Vancouver we're talking about...	It could also be East Vancouver we're talking about. There are more than a few troubled neighborhoods in this city.
what's the giant gash?	Here's a picture of that [gash](http://i.imgur.com/m00Vj.jpg) from back before it was a gash. My guess would be that there was a parachute in the hole at the end of the gash, and that the gash was a place for the cords to live.  
Glad to see your enthusiasm! I'd LOVE to finally do a pair of Zelda kicks, so if you email me and put your username in there somewhere, we can hash out the details and get these shoes into production ASAP. my email is jaredselllers@gmail.com	Aaaaand message sent.
White people made up all the stereotypes about food because their food sucks.	Watermelons are endemic to Africa, that's where the stereotype comes from. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: that probably should read 'indigenous', not 'endemic'.
Can't you both just get along	Fuck that noise. 
I'm* newlinechar  newlinechar Just being a dick. Learning by example. Carry on.	How'd I miss that.
No name yet, we're still thinking about it. Follow up pictures with my nicer camera for sure, it's just been challenging trying to get her cleaned up and making sure she'd staying fed and going to the bathroom.	Diesel! lol
Anyone that uses it can go to neither heaven nor hell	But that doesn't matter because [there is no afterlife in that universe](/spoiler) newlinechar  newlinechar So it's really just toscare the user I guess.
Haha thanks for the advice will try next time!.. and yeah I guess I have my vagina shaped differently too.	Tongue swirl / twisty hand combo works everytime doll!
50% male my ass, I think I hatched about 15 and only got 4 males. But I have an infected male for you whenever you're free to trade	Haha, wow. That's ridiculous. newlinechar  newlinechar Anyway, thanks again! I'm ready when you are, and I won't be leaving for about 8 hours.
Enjoy being their friend/counselor and not their parent. When things get tough, just think, 'I get to give these kids back at the end of the summer.' 	very true
They swapped out pyros in certain swarms with primes, and primes will no longer take more damage from headshots.  newlinechar  newlinechar Have fun getting tenderly loved up the bum with a pulse cannon. 	I hate Primes do much right now. Goddamn Stun lock gun. 
Last semester I slept through my roommate's parties despite the walls literally shaking due to his subwoofer. When I was in middle school I slept while the police searched my backyard for a rapist. They ended up pulling a gun on my rabbit when their search dog went crazy.	Spoiler alert: The rabbit was the rapist.
he was good once, just like the Celtics. Ba dum dum *kidding plz don't vote rape me*	Timberwolves should go back to that logo.
I second this.	Thanks.  OP asked for the best.  There's a lot of great BBQ joints in the ATL, but honestly none can ever beat some good ole' home-smoked BBQ.
Post a video of you trying to do a squat.	Oh god yes, at half of his description I gave up imaging what was going on.
Good for you! Can I ask how tall you are?	I am 6'3' (1.9M) newlinechar  newlinechar And I carried all my extra weight between my neck and my waist.  Thanks dad.  :-)
Some WWI shows would be nice, or about the Frank Prussian War? 	Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn about the Franco-Prussian War.
http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1491	Neat.
WTF dude, I just put on clean panties :/	Sorry :( I forgot about the effect the God of Mischief has on earth mortal females.
I 4	BINGO
It's just a browser extension that will get rid of popups and advertisements. You can get it [here for Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/adblock-plus/) and [here for Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gighmmpiobklfepjocnamgkkbiglidom).	You're a good person. 
it used to be pre-patch. But once you jumped out of a jet into the AA it was base rape the whole round so dice fixed it.	It never counted as air vehicle, there was just one AA on Karg Rush that was not out of bounds.
http://i.imgur.com/volIj.gif	wat.
You want people to think that you constantly have an erection?	http://www.threadbombing.com/data/media/22/tumblr_lai4k4a9wG1qe0eclo1_500.gif
What ghetto? He lived was middle-class household.	He assumes because he is black and a rapper he was in the ghetto.
Well, my friend, couldn't he take it all at once if poured down ear, not orally?	aurally?
What's the difference between jam and jelly?  newlinechar  newlinechar I'm going to fuck you in the ass. 	Yes! I was just going to mention that hilarious thread.
Did you see a Neil Patrick Harris?	This made me laugh more than the comic
Don't forget to zip-tie their scissors shut. 	This is amazing.
beat me too it, kudos.	The earth is out of round by say  10 km. It is almost 13000 in diameter.  newlinechar  newlinechar if a stress ball were the same shape asthe earth, but 50mm, it would be 0.04mm out of round. newlinechar  newlinechar That's pretty fucking close.
It's great how this subreddit gets maybe one post a month and it's always this.   newlinechar Apathy in general is underrated.	I felt kinda like the OP when I found this subreddit, just didn't want to make a big post about it. Doesn't feel right, but meh.
If only I had a blunt to smoke.	word
This. I know the feeling. SC2 gives you such bad ladder anxiety it'll actually improve how much you play other games.	The ladder anxiety was awful my hands would shake and become cold. I wouldn't be able to think straight, and loses would be devastating.
It was probably the 12 year old ;)	He is the 1%!
All comments mentioning his sweet Triumph jacket will surely get my upvotes.	As an avid rider of many a Triumph bikes I too will upvote all comments mentioning his sweet Triumph jacket.
Single Draft works too.	Good to know, haven't played SD in ages.
You know, I fucking hate the Gators.. but I feel like I have to point out the obvious here. newlinechar  newlinechar http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2007_BCS_National_Championship_Game newlinechar  newlinechar Stadium: University of Phoenix Stadium newlinechar  newlinechar Location: Glendale, Arizona newlinechar  newlinechar Looks like they left the state that year.	They never leave the state by choice is the point. Florida would never do a home and home with the Buckeyes, or any team outside of America's wang.
Auth seems to be down, because I'm getting a 502 also. I bet it'll be fixed by tomorrow.	Okay I'll just check back again then. newlinechar Thanks for the quick response!
You're on every single 14th page? Mother of god...	Of every book. Classical literature, religious texts, car manuals. newlinechar  newlinechar EVERYWHERE
the only reason why kira was even being tracked is because he wanted to be known (he purposely made every criminal die from cardiac arrest hence creating a pattern) all you have to do is to make your actions random and limited	Also, L and Near don't really exist so I think you'd be alright.
Um, no? The detector rail emits a signal even with empty carts. I have one running on a loop to activate noteblocks in my home server. No rider required.	empty/full minecart -.-
It says Spurs and America in the title, whaddya expect? I guess since I live in Texas, I'm used to people discussing Spurs basketball rather than football (especially this time of year)	The worst is being from Houston and a Rockets fan and having to constantly explain the difference between Spurs and *the Spurs*. It's subtle, but there's a difference.
Most people are assuming 33% speed cap (passive/active).	So if you have 33% passive already other speed enhancing abilities wont affect you?
Whoa, you live too close to me for comfort. 	You can't see in my bathroom window can you? 
He gives up ass loads of runs every start and makes me cry. 	Well, that's disappointing.  At least he won today!  Although I think that is likely because CarGo is hitting the bejeezus out of everything that comes near him.
The daughter also had a hard time differentiating.	http://i.imgur.com/GdB6w.gif
was it a solo cup or just a red cup?	solo cups don't have those lines anymore. They're actually square on the bottom.
Children are expected to be neither seen nor heard.	Where's Buster? newlinechar 
THEIR	CAN'T
Heck yes. There are a bunch of these - eventvwr.msc, appwiz.cpl (add/remove programs), services.msc - I can't remember the last time I opened Administrative tools.	`eventvwr` and ~~`services`~~ work just on their own for me (on W7 atm)
[Wolverine #90](http://www.mycomicshop.com/search?q=wolverine+%2390&amp;pubid=&amp;PubRng=) newlinechar  newlinechar [Opened view](http://marvel.com/images/gallery/issue/4094/images_from_essential_wolverine_vol_4_trade_paperback/image/36519)	It looks an unbelievable amount better in OP's picture.
&gt; Yes I am using a strict definition of need. newlinechar  newlinechar Why?	Because the more specific a word is, the more useful it is at conveying the meaning that I mean.  I have come to believe that vagueness or disagreement over terminology is the cause of most debates in the realms of politics and economics.
Belle's personality is that of a child, and that is enough of a 'no man's land' for me.	She's a fucking cartoon horse. &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;
but it cant be done in every situation. you were saying your parents could do it. but i personally am not dropping out of college to raise a kid with my boyfriend. im aborting it and going on to have a successful career like i plan.	You are a cold person. I disagree with abortion, but death would be better than being raised by you.
Was just gonna say...microfiche!  And pumping quarters into the damn printer to print off shitty black and white copies of old articles from microfiche.	I remember the days. newlinechar  newlinechar The microfiche fu was strong with this one.
you're expected to look at your minimap like a good player newlinechar 	Exactly what I figured. Cool, thanks.
Don't let /r/keto see that. 	too late !
woah, holy crap. I never actually *looked* at the picture, I thought he was smoking a cigar. ain't the mind an interesting thing.	The only cigar GGG smokes is a blunt.
yeah he's really not a fan of anyone remotely brownish. sorry people like that exist, but congratulations on your beautiful new wife :)	He'd be pretty upset if he knew that my dad is white and my mom is Filipina lol
&gt;No shitposting. newlinechar  newlinechar To elaborate on this. Remember, even if you're being ironic. It's still shitposting	Does pointing out a bad trade politely count as shitposting? Like, for example, 'Hey, you're selling item A for too many item B's, the going price is usually around #'. More often than not at /r/tf2trade, these are misinformed people, not traders trying to jack up prices. 
Yeah, but you're not going to make way more money than Blizzard is going to make off of all of us.	You're right. Obviously, any money on the RMAH must come from a user; if you're profiting, it's because somebody else is buying. Blizzard cannot lose money from the transactions themselves (though they could from server costs and the like).
The Walking Dead reference. There's a character in the show who carries a Mossberg 590. Long story short, he fucked over a dude who offered to accompany him on a trip to a nearby school to get medical supplies.	wouldn't know, don't watch it. 
*borderline?*	[*Perhaps ...*](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPYF2p-cGx8)
Again, yep.	Were they discussing sexual innuendo about the Iraq war?
I know. Pardon me for driving a Dodge Ram.	Heh, I'd never fault a man for driving a Dodge! I posted a pic in another comment thread earlier, but [here](http://i.imgur.com/9FCHI.jpg) are my two Rams.
I don't blame you for not blaming me for wanting to wipe them off the map. Also, v1i1v1a1l1o1c1a3 is now friends with v1i1v1a1l1o1c1a3. How brave is that? Also, when I set friends for v1i1v1a1l1o1c1a3 does everyone else see it too or is it just for my computer?	Everyone sees it. I think it's a good idea to set the bravest jerkers as his friends so we can always Upron each other and shit. :-)
That's only accurate if said person is playing Dark Souls.	no, they're jumping on the control er and smashing walls!
Does it happen when you're watching youtube? Because mine does and I think it's because Java or flash whatever youtube uses isn't updated on my pc so check that out and see if that's your problem	it happens intermittently. Most of the time it just won't load pages.
Same here. I also felt ashamed for the community raging at them like that. :/ Their job must be really hard sometimes.	Tamat got so many downvotes, I felt really bad because in my opinion it was something pretty cool of them. Unlike other companies that would never do something nice for their community (*ehem*EA*ehem*). I liked the gif and the IP boost was a really cool idea.
I could do this is my dinky dodge caliber.... just saying. newlinechar  newlinechar edit: I'm only talking about parking like this by the way.	Notice the mud strewn across the doors... that is because the truck/lift/tires are put to use. 
Plus light blue nail polish and female voice actors for both the Japanese and English dubs. 	we're just being trolled is what's going on
I turn all my silver into colloidal &amp; drink it slowly, so tax that!	Welp, I guess thats better than a silver enema
Es un mensaje privado, solo esas dos personas tienen acceso a ello. newlinechar  newlinechar No digo que no sea posible, sino lo contrario, todo es posible, no por ser de internet es confiable.	A si. Entiendo.  Han subido posts de los muros...los cuales cualquier persona pueder ir a ver porque son paginas publicas...pero en fin... no me sorprenderia esto
Dirty means that it's uncraftable. Clean is craftable.	why would you want a craftable rocket jumper?
I don't believe it was your age specifically, he was calling into question, but rather the parenting trends and social climate during your upbringing.  I'm sure there are plenty who wish to cast doubt on your opinions due to age and/or immaturity, but that clearly wasn't the case here.	this is a correct assessment. thank you.
What if Marlon McCree didn't fumble that 4th quarter INT.	Ohhhhhhhhhhhh myyyyyyy I had almost forgotten. Whata goat. 
My dad explained it to me. From what I understand it's math mixed with crazy nonsense	Math is usually math mixed with crazy nonsense.
[Yes!](http://www.gifsforum.com/images/gif/yes/grand/easy_rider_yes_gif.gif)	[Yay!](http://i.imgur.com/DhXpH.gif)
now he charlie villanueva	Charlie Villanueva is cancerous to his team!
That's a self-done karma shot if I've ever seen one.  newlinechar  newlinechar Dude saw 'Workaholics' on Netflix, and thought 'I could do the same thing...and get imaginary internet points for it!'	/r/KarmaConspiracy
&gt;Including my bestest PLounge buddy in the whole blue sea newlinechar  newlinechar [](/sbstare)	[](/twistare) Yes. I am afraid to inform you that you are a fish.
because /b/ is the (in)famous part. Kinda like the fact that the word 'reddit' is being stamped with '/MR' and '/Jailbait' amongst non-redditors. newlinechar  newlinechar (although with reddit, there is only one small bit which doesn't deserve that label.)	/b/ hasn't been anything more than teenage boys for quite some time.
Is he the little person? What services does he provide if any? Why didn't you block the phone number and have you called it? So many questions...	He was in fact a little person, and the services provided are only limited by the imagination.  As for the phone number I think that adds to the joke and I have not called it, I don't really no what to say to the person on the other end.
[J.C. Penny has a poster.](http://www.onemillionmoms.com/currentissue.asp)	Oh America...
What's the name of your band? And stage and time?	black coffee. 1230 pm on sunday. stage 7
Why are you lying to the man? newlinechar  newlinechar The Austraila-England straights require some hefty kayaking to cross. 	This guy knows his stuff, i just checked this on google maps and it checks out.
I usually hear it in a neutral tone, which is how the word should be used.	Weird...
I think this guy forgot to write something :)	Uptoke anyway!
Well Karma is generally balanced, and hell even strong. She just doesn't fit in most team comps that well, or the meta in general. Her skillset was not designed to be in bottom lane, and she cannot replace an AP carry mid lane in terms of damage. 	They should give her a third mantra, even if it's added at a later level.
Unleash the Kraken to kill this post. Am I Right?	Not even Medusa can turn the down votes into stone and save OP on this one.
Alright, edited for Caviar Black+Crucial M4.	Thanks for all the help!  I really appreciate the time/effort you put into this for me.
Radiohead is much more important than an ambulance. 	You've inspired me to listen to radiohead.  I'll get back to you whether I'm thankful or disgraced. newlinechar  newlinechar Update: Not bad...not bad.
somebody looks pissed	And the other looks hella guilty of something...
thank goodness. I was truly worried. 	Now kiss.
So is he going for my bleak version or his redemption version?	no idea, he already left and he wouldn't tell me anyways.
Eh I always make an effort to make it landscape but sometimes the subject is way to close and some of the subject gets cut out.	Doesn't matter, landscape is still better. 
My taint pop is like 6'	Taint pop. 
**Original Submission:** [trampoline](http://www.reddit.com/r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu/comments/u9dun) [[D]](http://imgur.com/zFCP0)  newlinechar  newlinechar **Posted:** 3d before this post by *[foreveralonemurray](http://www.reddit.com/user/foreveralonemurray)* (fixed by *[Jhano](http://www.reddit.com/user/Jhano)*) newlinechar  newlinechar [This comment generated by an automated bot.](http://www.reddit.com/r/originalfinder/faq)	Hello original-finder I've been expecting you
Commenting to save this. Gonna print this out and put it on my door so I have to look at it every time I leave my room. Thank you thank you thank you.	You can save comments [Reddit Enhancement Suite](http://redditenhancementsuite.com)
Or the Cubs	I can one up this one with my home basketball team... Bobcats
Careful nobody puts the plate pieces back together and notices there's a bit missing.	That reminds me I need to catch up on my breaking bad, that show is fucking bad-ass.
Wait a week and post again, be sure to use the same title or you won't make the front page!	He can probably just go ahead and do it now.
They do political satire from time to time newlinechar http://www.collegehumor.com/video/6202124/barack-obamas-bbq	Obama Obama is gonna get Osama!
Someone pointed out to me that Wun Wun is a reference to [Phil Simms](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phil_Simms), who wore the #11.	That's brilliant.  Now whenever I read a chapter with Wun Wun in it all I can picture is Phil Simms big-ass head.  I'm trying to figure out who LT is in all of this.
It's a BJ for your fourtieth mate newlinechar 	If you're lucky.
I think you guys are being kind of mean, she didn't ask to be that way. She hated herself, and the ice king tried his hardest to make her feel perfect, but he couldnt quite do it..	Ice King is so goddamn sweet in that episode.
you bastard.	HEY! MY PARENTS NEVER MARRIED AND I'M OFFENDED.
It's not so great right now, damn cold and raining.	Its great in Melbourne today which is unusual for this time of year.
Mhmmmm, cheap, and simple to make (I make kimchee twice a month, and this is where all my super ripe stuff goes!)	My mouth is watering by that.
Why are you with so many asians?	I'm an English teacher in a middle school in Japan. This is our staff photo.
'there *is* no exit..... strategy'	Now quote the ipad sketch
For those counting: newlinechar  newlinechar Guy tasted horse semen. newlinechar  newlinechar Guy eating out dead grandma. newlinechar  newlinechar Grandma was into bestiality. newlinechar  newlinechar Grandma died from a horse cock. newlinechar  newlinechar Guy can tell the difference between types of semen.	I think we can count 'eating out dead grandma' as doubly offensive, since it incorporates both necrophilia and incest.
Screw the people who are downvoting you.  It's your life, and you can do what you fucking want.  I think you managed the situation well.	Maybe she's been downvoted because the the thread is for people who actually cheated, not people who were approached and turned it down.
*Yoda newlinechar *Ron Paul newlinechar *Micheal Scott newlinechar *Louis CK	sweet formatting bro
Silver.	Fe
Yes, intentionally. They're awesome. Also, the guy at the place gave me free slide gloves (with pucks), bushings, and mounting hardware! Really can't recommend this company enough.	Wow. I know what pucks I'm buying when mine wear out!
That's probably the biggest problem they would have doing it. But i trust their casting choices so far.	I could see them taking a hiatus. newlinechar It would be painful, but this is more likely.
I feel that way about 'The Fall'.	Good call on The Fall, I felt the same way.
I think they would either dye it, use it as a lining, embroider it or make it into an ironic feature garment.  newlinechar  newlinechar It would start out tacky, but it would end up fabulous!	Genius! SteveJobsLegalTeam!
Upvote for NorCal, and it seems to be 'real' NorCal because I can see foothills (I'm from north of Corning myself).	&gt; I'm from north of Corning myself newlinechar  newlinechar Seen any good eclipses lately?
 messagecomposeinboxsent newlinechar Shasne (194)|messages|preferences|logout newlinechar all|unread|messages|comment replies|post replies	 Rendered by PID 28624 on app-114 running f06f9ae
what did he say?	
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AWy3yokHQUU	awesome. Thanks
Sore. That's how they would feel.	And clearly slutty.  newlinechar 
It's region free. I believe all Warner Bros. Releases are for that matter (in Aus at least). If you want I can pick a copy up for you. I'm not too sure what JB is like with their shipping (I haven't read many positive things).	Awesome of you to offer bongobill, but I'm trying to hold onto some cash for some upcoming sales here. Thank you though, it's really appreciated. :)
It's not like cheap whiskey is any more expensive than cheap vodka.	Gotta work with what you have.
How? It's a person telling stories of their life with alot of hyperbole.	Totally serious: How do you draw an Alot centered around an abstract concept? newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Alot of existence. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Alot of schadenfreude. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Alot of alliteration.
Still just as sexy here. Lol	Thanks! I just cross posted on a recommendation. I just found out about this today. 
4-dash-3-3 disguises as a friendly spy. It actually just removes your disguise without having to attack. newlinechar  newlinechar NINJA EDIT: Only if you have concise disguise menu enabled.	Ah, I see. I use the standard menu.
that's why you always close all windows before opening incognito kids, just to be sure. newlinechar 	he watched the link while logged onto to Facebook, it doesn't matter if he was using chrome or not
. . . .can't. . . .breathe. . . .	Pokes the dead body...
1 like= 1 less babby that gets googley eyed...... please think of the babbys	Subscribe ~Kylo Cho~ for 2OOO+ friend requests.
The artifacts were driving me nuts too, [so I took the liberty of fixing it for you](http://i.imgur.com/XEb9q.png). newlinechar  newlinechar Now if only your webcam didn't take pictures in ant size resolution...	Guys, I appreciate the effort. I don't think people who are interested in dating will care about the difference. I've got a reddit date tonight and she loves the picture. Is this your main account? newlinechar  newlinechar Let me know if you didn't get the Reddit gold.
Methadose is a non-sterile oral syrup, it certainly is not intended to be injected. I had a bad reaction to the strain of MRSA inhabiting said methadose. This was ~10 months ago. I have eleven more scars.	Do the other scars look like the one you posted? How long were you in the hospital?
Is Wes Welker going to shoot Belichik with a cross bow?	I think Bernard Pollard is the valonqar
Um, YES PLEASE!!!  newlinechar  newlinechar Would it be breaking the rules of the universe to ship Me/Tom's penis??  newlinechar  newlinechar Because I should ship the shit out of that.	LMAO! xD Oh goodness... You need to stop making me [laugh so hard that I end up crying awkwardly in the living room...](http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m2eh1w3lGa1r91b5f.gif)  newlinechar  newlinechar I would totally ship that too! As long as I can ship myself and his feet...  newlinechar  newlinechar 
all 107 of them?	I guess that name is misleading...
Uptokes because you admit your mistake.	Have you tried high% ethanol as well or like 99% alcohol? I think it would work a bit better than the vinegar plus you can evaporate it and smoke the resin after if that is how you roll
I dunno, looks kinda half-pig, half-elf.....	Elf-bear-pig! 
This is such a great response. The crew is so over looked.	Is the crew given props behind the scenes? To see it on TV all you guys get is a quick mention in the post race interview.
There are (unfortunately) plenty of people on this site who consider positive karma to be profit. I imagine that, to them, any comment designed to gain karma but not add anything constructive would count as spam.	Well Karmanaut comment spammed his way into modship of almost every single top subreddit. And now he has the ability to pull stupid shit like banning users more popular than him. But none of that matters because 'silly internet points', amirite?
Welcome to the premise of Workaholics. A perpetual battle between roommates.	And you never feel bad because they are all terrible human beings.
I like that in the FAQ, he is very understandably difficult and straight to the point.	i enjoyed that site. i wished it was red though.
&gt;a coven of lesbians on a field trip newlinechar  newlinechar This needs to happen more often. 	Ah lesbians. They'll never play with you, but it's always fun to watch.
this is hurting my brain	## 
Especially since I just realized that the 'grandma eater' knows what horse semen tastes like. _	.... I didn't even think about this. And now I have to live with this. D:
[Like clockwork.](http://i.imgur.com/dJeVA.png)	I still don't get it? That looks like it's just raining all day, most days. Why is it only at 5?
A+ alternative certification program. My bachelor's was in History, totally unrelated. As long as you can pass them exams you are good to go though.	I got a BA in history too. I'm in the process of getting a masters in Teaching Chinese as a Second Language right now. I wouldn't mind getting the certification and what  not out of the way before I got back to the states.Thanks for the info
Neither of my cats will let me get anywhere near this much brushing done with the Furminator. I'm so tired of vacuuming.	Yeah... I wish my cat would just let me vaccuum her, avoid the middle man, but that's about as likely as Mitt Romney embracing universal healthcare (again).
Or they could have a lengthy debate about the meaning of the word 'agnostic'	I don't know about that. newlinechar 
Yeah, like r/funny.	Was reddit ever meant for original content? It's an aggregator site that allows for intelligent conversations and discourse from the reddit community. That's what I thought of this place as. newlinechar  newlinechar Sort of like how America is the land of the free. heyooo Ron Paul 2012!
THEMS FIGHTIN WORDS! But in all seriousness, I am originally from Georgia. No offense, but Texas is an enigma. It's not the classic South, partly from Midwest exposure and culture south of the border.	Hell yeah Georgia!  Used to live there.  Also, America....FUCK YA,   Also, I appreciate the shout out, FOTC is my jam newlinechar 
You can look but you can't touch touch touch. Why can't I touch the gum? I can't chew it that way.	Saw your username, now I'm stuck with this song in my head to the mental video clip of a whole screen filed with the mouth of Gary Busey chewing with an open mouth.
I'm shopping for all my clothes &amp; gifts at Jcpenney. I swear to this.	I have you tagged now, don't let me down.
Corpsman rock.  Thanks for your service!	Best part of the Corps haha...Thanks
But not *all* Christians are like that, so you can't generalise like that. It makes you as bad as the people you are attacking. It's people like you who make me ashamed to call myself an atheist.	I dont know why you are getting downvoted. Blanket statements are just about as bigoted as it gets.
Not on TF2Outpost.	BECAUSE OF THE RECENT UPDATE I AM NOW INCRESING MY PRICE TO 2 KEYS. NO NEGOTIATION newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: [wat.](http://www.tf2outpost.com/trade/1920632)
.......I don't get it	Think about this: A fisherman is born honest.
Thanks but not quite, this girl has much smaller boobs, pointier chin, and different eye color. Very similar face though.	Don't know her name, but here's a link to the video: http://www.alphaporno.com/videos/girl-in-a-yellow-sweater-sucking-cock/
U a smart motherfucker???	Woah, he never said he was an atheist (AKA. Scientist)
What does the death penalty solve that life in prison doesn't? Other than the needless destruction of life, I mean.	We don't have to spend money and space housing, feeding and caring for them.
She thought all the weight was gonna go to her boobs? Did she even pay attention in science?	yeah idk. I never cared much about big boobs anyway.  nice nips are more important.
What a fun night!  I'm really glad I got to meet so many of you...and I can't wait til next Thursday!	Wasn't it awesome? I was the bald fella. You need to show up more often. 
Bitter, apparently.	Hey, let's take a guess how old Seious_Muffin is! newlinechar  newlinechar My guess is around 11
Personally I find either http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oChoYUn4naM or http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tG3m1u1YW5Q&amp;feature=relmfu to be my favourites. Simons laughing in the second one	Yeah Flame Leviathan was my first ever Yogscast video experience. I still love watching it.
there *are* alot of brands... they're a little detracting.	[ALOT](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_D_Z-D2tzi14/S8TRIo4br3I/AAAAAAAACv4/Zh7_GcMlRKo/s400/ALOT.png)
I thought you finished the chain. But iron done yet.	You sir, have some real brass ones... Ok, time to turn off my pewter for the night.
SUDDENLY CIRCLEJERK 	THE JIMMIES newlinechar  newlinechar THEY RUSTLE
That was one thorough uppercut. 	I think it's because the Hulk didn't have his Asgard up. 
That's a really good photoshop actually..	Layers man, layers!
Well Karmanaut comment spammed his way into modship of almost every single top subreddit. And now he has the ability to pull stupid shit like banning users more popular than him. But none of that matters because 'silly internet points', amirite?	Maybe worthless internet points aren't the best way to determine who should be moderating subreddits?
'No, you see, the editors of this magazine are men, and tens of thousands of women are just *forced* to buy it and totally don't read the sections about rating men sexy.' 	I like the part where the OP claims People is run by men, so all its info is invalid. newlinechar  newlinechar People is run by Time Inc. http://timewarner.com/our-company/management/executives-by-business/time-inc/ But I can see why this person wouldn't want to let facts get in the way of hating Reddit.
Is there anyone on the planet who understands the placebo effect completely?	Not really. Also placebo effect really only helps for swelling, fever and pain (responses of your immune system). so things that started in your brain are somehow affected by your mood and believes, which are also in the brain. I think that's how far they got.
Nope, if you can discretely count the objects, regardless of quanity, it's few/fewer, not less. Less is for indetermine masses.	I like it when I'm wrong and people politely correct me so I can learn. Thank you.
Yeah, it's only if you search on Amazon. Google indexes the friendlier-looking URLs. Affiliate tags can be added on to those ones with a simple '/webmasterso0d-20' (mine) or you can use a query variable like '?tag=webmasterso0d-20'	Good to know. So I won't make an ass of myself next time ;-) newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks
You might want to think about letting them know that they also carry weight in your life as well. 	This. It's like saying 'I'm too good to contact anyone. I'll let them come to me.' Then your friends think you don't like them. You say it's selfish and you like the validation, but is that just an insecurity thing?
Hahaha oh man. Oh man oh man. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: [So that I'm not just another piggyback comment](http://imgur.com/bsQ1B)	[Reminded me of this clip](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-lGatpSRN0)
I think it was a glitch. I was playing the Saxton Hale mod at the time. (Wasn't Hale). It was kinda odd on my stats until I reset them to have highest damage as 17k as medic	In most VSH mods, medic weps get humongous damage bonuses. Also melee weps always crit.
Fellow 280.	another jeremy checking in!
Minecraft world problems	'I have an infinite amount of renewable food' newlinechar  newlinechar 'But it makes a clicking noise every time I harvest'
There are many occasions where sarcasm is lost in translation over the internet. newlinechar  newlinechar This was not such an occasion.	Sarcasm? doesn't EVERYONE love the ghost kid?  newlinechar  newlinechar Lol sorry downvotes please
Mr. Slave, is that you?	Jesus christ.
Haha I cracked up at how randomly they threw in the word homosexual.  newlinechar  newlinechar 'Blah blah blah... good advice for kids to stay safe from potentially dangerous strangers.. blah blah... homosexuals.' newlinechar  newlinechar LAWLWAT!?	I loved how Jimmy got put on probation when he went to the cops about the older guy. 
He would be the number 1. Play probably 50+ games. 	LOL @ you thinking Lu would be a backup
Shift really does make you run. newlinechar  newlinechar Promise.	*wink*
who's signature is that?	I ended up cleaning off the signature. It doesn't mean anything to me unless I'm the one that got it from them. It looks much better without it as well!
Please everyone knows it's all about de_rats. newlinechar 	and de_dolls
may be not this suit, but I would like this actor for an [old Batman](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-nOfDg-rVEC0/T4DMgmnxXbI/AAAAAAAAMQo/enqzXpzXS7o/s1600/darkest_knight___clint_eastwood_as_batman_by_johnnyfilmmaker-d4ur5i3.jpeg)	[Or him](http://geektyrant.com/storage/0999-post-images/adam-west_480x360.jpg?__SQUARESPACE_CACHEVERSION=1334758312152).
this one fucking slayed me. if there is a hell, I'll see you there.	God is dead and no one cares newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: It's a song reference guys, come on.  [Heresy - Nine Inch Nails](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrtTeVWVzIE&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player) newlinechar  newlinechar 'God is dead and no one cares.  *If there is a hell, I'll see you there.*'
Why?	Like the cereal. Right? 
No, that was in TX. This was the 6-1 win over the Rangers on 5/17. newlinechar  newlinechar In conclusion, lol Rangers. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: 5/21	Haha I'm from central Texas, and everyone here suddenly became huge Rangers fans since their trip to the World Series last season. I've been a lifetime Braves fan myself, so I get a good laugh out of a huge loss for the Rangers. 
Or it was during the brief period where spy could build dispensers.	wait was this a real thing
[As was Eric Dampier](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/06/14/heat-players-mavericks-party_n_876649.html)	[As was the city of Cleveland](http://www.cleveland.com/cavs/index.ssf/2011/06/congratulations_to_the_dallas.html)
This is the most devious thing I've ever heard of.. 	Even more devious if OP gives up an account name, but it turns out they don't know each other irl, and they just got into a row on reddit and this is OP's troll revenge.  Trollvenge.
I saw it too. They are trolling, and trying to top each others trolls.	i demand proof
####LOL!!!1!! RELEPHANT USERNAME!!1!1!!1	Le^this^&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;
Notice the mud strewn across the doors... that is because the truck/lift/tires are put to use. 	I was only implying almost every car could park like this. I did not say that the owner of such truck doesn't put it to good use.
Has exactly the same complaints fired at it, and is mostly played by casuals and diehards.  What's your point?	Nothing in particular, except that it doesn't suffer low reviews for being a rehash every year. 
Which is exactly why they could get 40 people on screen in a raid with a decent framerate. Fantastic stuff.	art pipeline &lt;3
I'm in the same shoes you are. I'm trying to get through Storm of Swords and my co-worker is reading 50 Shades. Awkward watching her reactions to things.	it almost makes me wish the days when everyone was just reading hunger games.
Clearly has 2002 copyright date.	Wales is at least 10 years  behind the internet.
oh god, i thought highest was 1.3, im sorry, my data was off =\	It's up to 1.5 million now, so I bet 4 will happen.
How did it go?	He said 'what? That's not even close to how it happened.' newlinechar  newlinechar YOU DON'T SAY??
Tom's? What do you mean?	Toms is a shoe manufacturer of sorts: [Website](http://www.toms.com).
Easily the most offensive joke in this thread. newlinechar  newlinechar *this message brought to you by /r/atheism*	I like you.
This isn't the first time I made one I just mean the comic was about the first time I made a rage comic	That is automated you got it cuz of the title I got it too when I said it was my first one so just ignore it
Darn it! I have a 10$ bill sitting out, and I'm hungry. 	Maybe they won't make you pay tax, you should try. 
I'd hire anyone who turns up with a freaking bed end handcuffed to their wrist... I'd have to question their lifestyle... And question even more about how they got a shirt and suit jacket on.	But *that* shows ingenuity and problem-solving.
I imagine you would have blinded your brown-eye 	You're probably right. I'd stick with killing myself by means of bellyflopping newlinechar 
The puller said 'ti' and had lice in his hair.	I pulled up to a bamboo shack, like seven or eight
http://thepiratebay.se/torrent/4001430/Carlos_Xuma_-_Alpha_Man_Conversation_and_Persuasion_(14_CD) newlinechar Download and listen to these life changing audio books. newlinechar Get in touch with your emotions and try to understand why you feel that way, I suggest looking back to your childhood.	Also 'Blueprint Decoded' by tyler durden/Real Social Dynamics. It's phenomenal, though it's also pretty long.
i sure as hell wouldnt know.	Dammit, Cumdumpling! *I THINK YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL!*
Are you serious? $25 at 20:1 would have been $500, it was well worth the risk. newlinechar  newlinechar I made more money on my bet than the guy who bet $40k on the Canucks to win the cup at 4:1	My brother put down $10 for 1:125 odds for the Kings to win the Cup pre-Richards trade... I hope he collects. He wanted to put $20 but none of his friends would loan him an extra $10. 
....you got yourself a *stew* goin'!	came here to say this.
John Lennon was shot.	I'd pile on, but he's way too easy of a target.
Not sure how I can provide solid proof of this, other than the link to the forum where people are describing basically the exact same thing as myself. It seems to be an unknown condition but sufferers from it have called it PATM (People Allergic To Me).	No trips to the doctor? Tests?
We don't have to spend money and space housing, feeding and caring for them.	So killing people is just more convenient? That's a great resin to have state sanctioned murder. newlinechar  newlinechar Giving someone the death penalty actually cost more because of the appeals process.
Well if you mention it earlier then it's not a deus ex, a cavalry charge isn't contrived, unexpected or new if it's been mentioned previously.	Yeah. The worst that would be is what, a Chekov's Gun?
Lol, I stayed up all night watching Day9 stream it. Because laughter keeps the monsters away. xD	Giggle at the ghostie? newlinechar [](/c22)
You mean rich white men, worried about their image more than about the people they say to represent, cynical hypocrites, opposed to scientific evidence and the progress of rights and advancement of humanity?	.... that, and making things ride on the top of the car.  But your examples are much better.
I try to never tell jokes verbatim, instead add small little changes so it sounds natural coming from me. The only ones I never bother changing are one line jokes.	you version is better spoken with emphasis on *out*; dreamers is better written.
I really don't think it actually does that, are you sure? The Eviscerator reloads at 1.5 seconds, it would be hard to notice it actually going faster.	Maybe it reduces min. refire time? That's how most people reduce reloading time, by increasing rate of fire.
Explain?	He's just racist against dinosaurs.
I believe it is simply a matter of transportation. America has a lot of corn, so we use HFCS. It makes me sad a little, because the cane sugar is so much better	It also has a lot to do with price. The American corn industry is heavily subsidized making HFCS much cheaper than cane/beet sugar.
Actually the law states otherwise, but I know what you're trying to say.	The law means nothing to those who think they *are* the law.
Have you laughed a day in your life?	Gay people don't laugh.
People are going mental these days. 	Yeah no kidding. The news these days...its surreal.  This guy is like some modern serial killer. Using the internet....Its like the movies man.
:O that sounds awesome	Not for me, I don't have access to the store. I would buy it instantly if I had though.
&gt; super light build and not at all hard to handle length wise, I could run for days with that thing and not feel it. newlinechar  newlinechar Funny thing is, your girlfriend told me the same thing about you last night. newlinechar  newlinechar OhSnap.gif	Oh shit. Nice one.
That's brilliant.  Now whenever I read a chapter with Wun Wun in it all I can picture is Phil Simms big-ass head.  I'm trying to figure out who LT is in all of this.	Maybe they'll be a giant named Fev-Tee-Siks in TWOW.
Come to our Chicago here. 6/9 Casa de Montecristo.	I might be able to make that, What time at Casa?
BING! ah ah ah ah ah!	You got insurance? 'Cause if you do, you could always use a little more!
Thanks for the advice. I probably should have mentioned that I've spent the last year and a half (including last summer) in a research lab at my university and this summer I'll be living at my parents' house away from school. 	How was that? One of the most awesome chemistry professors I know asked me if I wanted to get RE and I jumped on that. I start next semester and am really excited.
Definitely thought it said tasted.	Lol.  Imagined a funny scene as the cops arrived. 'Hey, you're right, this homeless man is delicious!  Guys, come over here, taste this dude's face!'
Yeah I tend to stick with booty guys since I have a booty haha and thanks for the advice.	Upvote for having booty.
Was reddit ever meant for original content? It's an aggregator site that allows for intelligent conversations and discourse from the reddit community. That's what I thought of this place as. newlinechar  newlinechar Sort of like how America is the land of the free. heyooo Ron Paul 2012!	&gt;intelligent conversations newlinechar  newlinechar Overselling it
I dont know why you are getting downvoted. Blanket statements are just about as bigoted as it gets.	&gt;Blanket statements are just about as bigoted as it gets. newlinechar  newlinechar yeah. *Everyone* knows that.
Yeah but you could've been a rock star. 	But I wanted to be a unicorn.
Lol, either you're trolling, or I'll never put one foot on any bridge/building/etc that you ever build.	Asian here, I can confirm this.
One day, you guys will choose a place that has vegetarian options. Then I shall arrive and proceed to make a drunken fool of myself once again.	OK, Coup meetup it is!
It was called 'The Mighty Boosh'	Boooooooooosh! I'm American and I knew exactly what this was. =)
Soupy and Parker have at least put out quality records since '06.	Oh, didn't realize we were talking about records. Because, you know, the title of the thread says stage presence...but whatever.
&gt; One interesting fact - Senna was (and is) the last Formula 1 fatality to date. newlinechar  newlinechar The last pilot fatality. Villeneuve crashed a few years later and one of the tires killed one of the marshals of the race.	Jacques, the son; not Gilles, his father, whom is referred to in the segment.
She adopted the dog that played Lady, and it does look like the [same dog](http://s012.radikal.ru/i320/1104/03/7851e5ca3e2f.jpg) to me. 	Did she name it Lady? &lt;3
I learned everything I know in about 5 minutes on [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/bleachshirts), &amp; spent about $5 on supplies (I made 3 different shirts but could do many, many more with what I bought today). 	Many thanks! This will go splendidly with my Captain America shirt!
[](/spoderman)	[*Bravest thing* **I've seen all year!**](//#insanitywolf)
I wonder if they sell them.	In kids' sizes. 
Now kiss.	Augh, gay.
Rice/Lentils/Beef Jerky/Coconut Powder/Curry Powder/Soy Sauce.   newlinechar  newlinechar Cooks in 20 minutes on my well-used dragonfly but I also presoak everything in a water bottle while riding.   	That sounds awesome. Can you give me some amounts/ratios?
I had an old dog exactly like this he was the best, he was a quarter American staffie, quarter American pitbull and half kelpie :) I miss duke so much seeing this	I always knew my dog was part pit bull. She looks **JUST** like that. It's pretty crazy to see one that looks just like her on reddit. 
One time I sold a PartyLite candle holder on Craigslist  newlinechar  newlinechar then Partylite advertisements popped up... newlinechar  newlinechar I think It has something to do with keywords.  	Yep. I'd love to see the list of keywords that led to *this* bizarre conclusion, though...
A Titans and Cardinals fan, huh? If I had to guess, I'd bet you live in Southern Illinois.	Close, Western Kentucky.
Wow. Thank you for this wonderful Q&amp;A!	thank you for the wonderful questions!  This was really fun newlinechar 
Colorado?	Denver, Colorado!?  I must have driven by this the other day because I freaked out and scared my wife.  I was like, 'Jurassic Park Jeep! EHR-MAH-GERD!'
Well how could we? It's been four months since your last post.	That tends to happen when you get choked out with a bicycle lock. 
I'm an atheist, 34, and I've never done a drug harder than nicotine, caffeine or alcohol in my life. 	I'm an atheist, 25. The strongest drug I've ever had was alcohol, and that only once: A single sip of communion wine. Irony! newlinechar  newlinechar Anecdotal evidence, alas~
when you said 'hard hitting evidence against OP' i imagined an OP conspiracy  where it involved my fascists (spelling?) of government and illegal trafficking [4]. thank you for the 5min mental movie 	IN A WORLD OF ORIGINAL CONTENT, OP BECOMES OPPRESSED (announcer voice) THIS SUMMER, JOIN OP IN A RACE AGAINST....HUMANITY
Buying stuff for Lina and Mirana once they become available...	I just have a slight feeling that a 'naked'/'bikini' skin will bring in enough money for Valve to develop Dota3.
Exactly. They need to expand the range of how far the villagers roam. All it comes down to is 200 villagers trying to get in and out of a single door.	Villagers can't walk past village boundaries which is defined as a distance from the center, however village boundaries can be extended with new houses close to the boundaries, essentially stretching the center and golem spawn region.
[Here](http://www.palmbeachpost.com/news/crime/confession-of-woods-infamous-for-stealing-girl-scout-1000987.html) is the court case mtme is referencing. Unfortunately for society, [she only got 8 years probation](http://articles.sun-sentinel.com/2010-12-02/news/fl-cookie-monster-sentenced-20101202_1_prison-time-kidnapping-case-prison-cell). They were asking for 15 years. 	Stephanie Woods, aka The Cookie Monster
&gt;'You get bad grade in school, you **live** at mall!' newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY	&gt;'You get bad grade in school, you don't live at **all**!' newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY
I could not have said it better myself! Nicely done! 	Srsly though, where do you guys live? Tell him I think he's hot.A random stranger on the internet thinks his hot. I don't know him so it can't be his personality, it has to be because he's effing sexy.
Not a problem. Hope she likes it! (:	Me too! Haha. Thanks again!
Tree rings and coral growth too apparently. newlinechar 	Well of course the trees are in on it! What with all those hugs from environmentalists - clearly biased.
Pretending you are not something that you *are* is another good way to go insane. Discard false identities, but also embrace true ones. We are not identity-less and pretending so only furthers the delusion.	Everyone has karma.  Even the Buddha body dies.
Yo body...yo body.... newlinechar  newlinechar IS a porta potty newlinechar 	only thing that'll make my life complete, is when i turn yo face into a toilet seat.
I probably would'nt want to recreate them persay, but I'd be open to designing a new pair of monkey Island shoes.	I'll take one. Under the provision you abandon the douchey scarves and invest the money in a nice piano one.
Probably the fact that there were at least 3 other 'generations' of MLP stuff before *Friendship is Magic*.	[](/smooze 'There are other generations!?')
You have some good taste in knives my friend. I have a Sage 2 and the 940 is one of my grail knives.	I figure I'll hold off on buying one if not both to ask as a Christmas gift, so hopefully they don't stop making them! I think my next knife might be a Becker BK2, it'd be nice to have a knife to beat on 
Would there still be a cancerous effect if I had my dog lick my cut?  Basically is the factor that causes tumor induction present in the saliva or the skin?	To piggyback onto this question: I believe [Shaun Ellis](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shaun_Ellis_(wolf_researcher) once noted how after he got cut, one of the wolves he's adopted tore open his stitches and licked his wound. Apparently it healed up nicely. I've always wondered how and if that worked.
[Yay!](http://i.imgur.com/DhXpH.gif)	that was nice
That kills people!	I guess he really wanted those hands... 
If it were $4 it would be worth it, but it's $6.50, and it's... just... potatoes.	and mayonnaise. Way too much ancho mayonnaise.
i love you	Isn't he just the best?
[](/twistare) Yes. I am afraid to inform you that you are a fish.	[](/ajbaffle)Ah'm no fish!
Welcome to 2012!	Seriously, wtf?
He's got some balls to do that. It looks like that Tiger could tip over at any time considering the approximate angle of it.	You underestimate his badassness; he's actually holding it up.
all along the watchtower - jimi 	great song. i did not know it was a cover. TIL.
Elder Scrolls Online	Don't toy with my emotions like that. 
Saw your username, now I'm stuck with this song in my head to the mental video clip of a whole screen filed with the mouth of Gary Busey chewing with an open mouth.	You're welcome.
Yeah, I need to write a contributors guide for artwork.	I can do that if you want. I am currently in a compsci course in college and have used lve with fellow students. Photoshop is idiot proof for making sprites, however GIMP or Inkscape would be easy to make a guide for aswell.
want a hug man?	Im a ma'am sir, and chess, I will take a hug :)
Hells ya man! Ive got a delivery service on call thats 24 hours a day. Down in SD, You?	So motherfucking jealous, that sound like heaven. I'm in charleston south Carolina :((
Mmmm.... those...	ALL of them.
gtfo if you post pics...	Maybe just gtfo anyways to be on the safe side?
Isn't Lommy the one who always wanted to yield? 	I think you might be right, they're both pretty cowardly.
HOLY SHIT: PENURIOUS	HOLY SHIT YOU MUST BE A NICE GUY
So, why even bring it up?	To whore karma. Fuck you, Reddit.
The game is afoot!	No.. He said it's ahair!
She's a fucking cartoon horse. &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;	Some people don't find characters with the personalities of children sexy, cartoon or not. newlinechar  newlinechar I personally can jump on the loli bandwagon as long as the character is mentally an adult, but otherwise it kind of kills it for me.  newlinechar  newlinechar All preference.
I've written a little bit. What kind of BDSM are you into? (Ropes, whips, gags...?)	 The only things I really don't like are the knife play, blood, urine, and feces. 
you feeling lucky?	somehow, i always think that the phrase has 'punk' in the end.
Hahaha money? I would expense the shit out of that to the team. 	The new Hornets owner should offer to pay for the kid's makeover.  newlinechar  newlinechar A better image means more money for him and the team.  newlinechar  newlinechar Maybe the unibrow is something he can be known for, but those teeth are painful to LOOK at.
because AP Kog is gay	Could've just nerfed the AP ratio if they wanted to hit AP Kog. 
[Two days old.](http://www.reddit.com/r/4chan/comments/ub8u3/being_black/) newlinechar  newlinechar Ironically, that was also a [repost](http://www.reddit.com/r/ImGoingToHellForThis/comments/uay4a/how_to_be_black/) from [/r/ImGoingToHellForThis](/r/ImGoingToHellForThis) earlier the same day. newlinechar  newlinechar Reddit: reposters reposting reposts post-haste.	It's not often that I'm a member of 2 different obscure sub reddits mentioned in the same thread. But of course when I am, it's this fucking picture that brought me here... -_-
####NICE TRY, RECONROSE!	####NICE TRY, VIVALOCAAA!
Thanks man! I appreciate it!	No problem
The architect is underestimating the density of water.	I think you mean mass.
Holy shit, I just realized that The Hound is also Michael Armstrong from Hot Fuzz!   newlinechar  newlinechar ... You guys already know that, don't you...	Yarrp, we did.
Say what you?	I think he is saying that he chokes the chicken to Topanga from 'Boy Meets World'.
Oh let me try! andrewsmith1986, you are a piece of shit who cares more about internet points than the safety and privacy of a teenage girl. Fuuuuuck you.	ooh, now me! andrewsmith1986, you willy nilly silly billy baboon fucking butt nut, you! You cranky wanky stanky hanky-panky slinky-pinkied purple puppy penis licker! You inglorious, fetid pustule on a stuttering goat's tally-whacker!!
[yeah bro, sorry] (http://i.imgur.com/ELkXo.gif)	thank you.
[I loved that scene.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dw0VAO5tYH4)	LALALALA THERE WAS NEVER A WATCHMEN MOVIE LALALALA I CAN'T HEAR YOU
Well, it toke you long enough to find that!	weed hate for you to miss that.
even though 4chan is the anus of the internet, they sure know how to make a person laugh.	So...a fart then?
Tamat got so many downvotes, I felt really bad because in my opinion it was something pretty cool of them. Unlike other companies that would never do something nice for their community (*ehem*EA*ehem*). I liked the gif and the IP boost was a really cool idea.	TBH I hate the downvote/dislike system on the forums. Shurelia's supports rework was so intensely hated it and she got downvoted intensely, and by now I don't know how many people even remember it.
Well, we've got Ashland, and OSF, Crater Lake, the Oregon Ducks, and the infamous Portlandia. I don't know how big a deal Seaside is, but there's that. :) 	Don't forget the ski resorts, world-class windsurfing, and some truly stunning natural beauty in a state the size of Bulgaria!! newlinechar  newlinechar I love my state.  Two-sided flag represent!!
Not to sound like a dick, but I thought he died a long time ago. Anyway, nice long life.	You may of been thinking of **Aldous Huxley**, the man who wrote *Brave New World* and helped progress our views on the effects of LSD.
So much conversation and i'll never no what it's about. :'(	I feel you bro. You should read the books though!
Nothing. I got to 60 and brickwalled in Inferno and have ZERO desire to dump any more time farming gold to buy overpriced gear on AH. I already work 9-5, i don't need a part time job as well.	See if you can still get a refund. I'm currently in the process right now.
For those, like me, who took a minute to get it: [here](http://i.imgur.com/FFldz.gif).	Much funnier this way
Love the guy that's just staring at the ball coming to his face.	Jedi baseball mid-air force suspension.
xXx i G3T D4T KU$H FOHTWNTY i xXx	7H4T5 M. 3P34|_3 2 U 17(|-|
I just may. [The page explaining the build](http://avforum.no/minhjemmekino/show.php/maskinisten) it is in some foreign language. Many props to the builder whom ever he is.	[Google Translated!](http://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=no&amp;u=http://avforum.no/minhjemmekino/show.php/maskinisten&amp;oi=translate)
but the same exact one?	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mass_hysteria
I get my definition from The Vegan Society. The very group where the term comes from. *shrugs* newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.vegansociety.com/about/who-we-are.aspx	know any vegetarians who eat fish? Just sayin'...
&gt;Oh yea, dad? Whatever happened to your promotion? Hmmmm? I'm disappointed... Dad... newlinechar  newlinechar I don't get it, I just wanted to be off the hook for this bad math grade, but now dad's sobbing in the corner.	It's a messy solution, but it gets the job done.
Ka-me-hame-ha!!!! It's a move in 'dragon ball z' a tv series. If I remember right.	ah , I'm an uncultured bastard as you can tell.
Then how was I right?	you were right that the jeep in the article does not have power windows, you're comment is framed to make it sound like all wranglers dont have power windows, which is wrong
the funny thing is, due to capacity ability, that is where the government would set up if it set up locally.	You just have to wait out the government newlinechar 
Nice dish! Did he ever come? (No pun intended :) newlinechar 	Yes. Yes I did ;)
Why should I be a 'man' if I have no testicles, have tits, female hormones, feminine features, no adam's apple, etc.? I guess you could say I'm neither, but I'd rather be she than 'it'.	I thought you weren't taking hormones? How do you have no testicles, have tits, female hormones, feminine features, no adam's apple, etc.?
The thing is that most of the religious bigots that blindly follow their beliefs rather than listen to science, logic, and reason are not intelligent enough to realize what a stillborn really is...	a dead baby?
&gt;Sting? He has more history with WWE than he does with TNA. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Um....	WCW is owned by WWE so therefore, he is apart of WWE's history.
I know they are, but the choice of lands still seems strange. The old ones feel out of place next to the new ones	I like the old ones.
Checkmate atheists.	But.... Science. 
Oh shut the fuck up. Parting, Hero, Squirtle, MC, Oz, Puzzle, Genius. It's not hard to name a bunch of popular Korean Protosses. People like you casually tossing around accusations of racism propagate racism more than anyone. newlinechar  newlinechar HwangSin is an unfortunate victim of caster bias. That's it.	I think he's just saying that if Hwangsin were not Korean, he would get much more attention and appreciation, which is probably true. I dunno whether it's proper to use a word as strong as 'racism' to refer to that, though.
Me too, I feel deep shame for some reason.	[same](http://www.nerddogueto.com.br/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/i-know-that-feel-bro.jpg) newlinechar 
Since you can't be charged twice for the same crime and he was released from prison, is he safe? newlinechar  newlinechar I'm not a lawyer and my knowledge is pretty limited on a situation like this. 	He completed his sentence, so it doesn't really matter any more (as far as jail time).   newlinechar    newlinechar He wasn't let out because of her changing her story, and he won't be put back in for her changing it again.
Do the other scars look like the one you posted? How long were you in the hospital?	Yeah, they're all similar. One is longer, the rest are shorter. I was in hospice for about a month.
Of course some people who believe that they have a lactose intolerance are actually allergic to casein which is always in every dairy product.	Some people are more sensitive to the fat globules in milk and can more easily process dairy that is either low fat or has smaller globules, eg goat.
Well from your single picture I give you a 4.5/10, but fuck it why should I tell you why I rate you like that? As if you give a fuck, amirite?	that's nice i'd give her a 2 and a 0 on personality
YES. Oh, and the fluid motion of whacking the guy in the head. newlinechar  newlinechar Evil Loki is very much my thing.	Fuck yea! He's my ladyboner 
When I saw they were playing on hardwood I instantly thought of FIFA street which Messi is on the cover of. Than I saw their dribbling and thought, 'this must bring back street ball memories of them playing'. I would have loved to have gone to that match.	It must be the most festive yet relaxed atmosphere ever. Because no matter who scores its awesome. 
To be fair most girls are horrible at their hints 	This. Usually because of mixed signals. If you can't hint, try just being honest.
If you live in Monona you can get discounted tickets at City Hall.	If it's residents only, I bet I could middleman the deal 
Exactly, what do you do at a Reddit meet up? Stand around talking about subreddits?  newlinechar  newlinechar SAP1: 'Hey so are you subbed to /r/spacedicks?' newlinechar  newlinechar SAP2: 'Nope fuck that shit' newlinechar  newlinechar SAP1: 'Yea fuck that shit...'	The last one I went to, through r/portland, involved alcohol, Rockband, and deep discusson about the space program, WW2 history, musical theory, and the significance of Futurama.  I also found out that Firefly Sweet Tea Vodka is fucking absurdly tasty.
Damn, I need new D&amp;D friends! 	It's all about having a DM that isn't afraid to just say yes and figure out the specifics afterwards.
low self esteem=easy target!	[Not sure if disapprove or...](http://i.imgur.com/O2pBe.gif)
Bear hug from a shark would look hilarious, though. For about 4 seconds.	Bear hug from Manbearpig? 
Mission Viejo respresENT! newlinechar 	woooo
Dyrus and Regi's was absolutley insane. What team work for a 2 for 1. thats why they are pros	2 for 0 you mean. Neither Dyrus nor Regi died in the attempt.
Just give me an unlimited amount of C4 and I'll make a grand canyon in two months.	you gotta deal. all i need is a second job.
Dad? newlinechar 	I THOUGHT I TOLD YOU NOT TO COME BACK
God No.	Stay strong, brother.
I'm 99% sure you can have access to the full factions source code right now.	Yup. Already tweaking and optimizing. Not sure how layered the permissions will be though, something to consider.
Tagged as 'drives der Audi Wagen.'	*'den Audi Wagen' newlinechar  newlinechar 'drive' is a transitive verb and its object requires the accusative case, which is only reflected in its article in this case. newlinechar  newlinechar You're welcome (you'll thank me later).
What's more fun than a dead baby hanging from a ceiling fan? Hitting it with a shovel every time it comes around.	What's the difference between a truck full of bowling balls and a truck full of dead babies? You can't unload a truck full of bowling balls with a pitchfork.
.... I didn't even think about this. And now I have to live with this. D:	haha, it makes the whole thing THAT MUCH more awful.
Subscribe ~Kylo Cho~ for 2OOO+ friend requests.	what's with the 2OOO? why not use 0's?!
That was floss, haha 	Even so, those are some very dull scissors.
Fap.	SssssSsssSSsssssssssssSsSSSSssssSssssssssss.......
No, they put every World Cup game on the station in 2010. 	Okay, once every four years, soccer jumps above third their Tim Tebow stories, second tier LeBron James stories, NASCAR, and college basketball (because the World Cup happens during their offseason). 
Hey brah, you can't spell skate without ska. newlinechar  newlinechar Fuck.  I'm so sorry.	But ska is great. newlinechar 
This works with diamond ore as well.	You are better of saving that diamond ore block and using an fortune enchanted tool to get 4+ diamonds from it.
Luckily, I didn't find too many female 215 pounders... That would have been awkward. If I did, I wouldn't have changed my approach at all, everyone is equal on the mat (until the ref raises a hand).	Goddamn it I was gonna say that.  I am quite happy that I haven't encountered any 215 pound girls myself though
You really cut to the chase, there.	He's not a very cunning linguist.
It's the latest means of division. 	Yeah, next it will be mexicans. newlinechar  newlinechar 
not to be a pedant, but I don't think leaving your facebook logged in counts as being 'socially engineered'	'Hi, this is Mark Z. from facebook and I'm going to need you to not log out of facebook on the library computer as part of security upgrades to your account'.
Were they discussing sexual innuendo about the Iraq war?	Again with the yeps.
I'll rent you a 2 bed 1 bath with small yard in Astoria Oregon for $800. ;)	Pool's closed to outsiders, whygook. We're full :) newlinechar  newlinechar 
Hmm, not sure it's the easiest pick up method for single guys though....	Hookers! Hookers and beards.
I think it was the time there was a large flood there or something like that.  	When the top half of Australia was underwater and the bottom half was on fire was the last time I recall seeing us on international news sites.
Sorry, but globes with dabs are the best...	Yea that's true, oil and keif are much more powerful. But as far as just smoking bud, I've always liked vaporizers the most. 
It's definitely an inconvenience, but I managed to play some Diablo without much trouble! Everything looks like you're underwater for quite a while... Vision should be good when I wake up tomorrow though! It is pretty scary, but way worth it.	Is there any way to be unconsious for the procedure?
The one thing I miss most about California.	Agreed. I don't mind seeing food on r/trees but whenever someone posts some of these I become quite sad. It's been years since I've had one of those wonderful burgers.
Added note: if you get your hands on a gamecube, i'd recommend the gamecube version. 	Thousand year door all the way
No pussy, 5 tanks! America FUCK YEAH!! haha	Since money is not a problem, get [5 of these](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Landkreuzer_P._1000_Ratte) custom made for you.
Fuck it. [r/sparlock](http://www.reddit.com/r/sparlock) is made. I really CBF looking after it though so if someone wants to take on the task PM me.	That's awesome! Now we have a place to enjoy the stupidity of sparlock (and I DO enjoy internet memes and craziness!) While leaving exjw to be the awesome resource that so many of us can find and provide support in. Thanks, crshbndct!
'oh fuck man'	That's the look of a man realizing he's going to have to commit murder. newlinechar  newlinechar At that point it's not even a choice and he's completely resigned to the eventual prison term - 'oh fuck man... why would you make me do this? That was a terrible idea.'
As soon as I read that line, I disregarded this. I've known plenty of autistic children to do this back in high school when we'd hear about them.	Yeah, they get frustrated because they can't communicate what's wrong, so they lash out. Biting is a pretty basic way of showing someone you're upset.
What's the worst part about eating bald pussy? newlinechar  newlinechar Putting the diaper back on.	I think this one's the most offensive one I've heard so far. I actually did [this](http://assets2.wordansassets.com/wvc-1333487214/wordansfiles/images/2012/4/3/135449/135449_340.jpg) face.
AARRRGGGHHH!!!! newlinechar  newlinechar I had to work today, so I couldn't go. I'm going to go there for lunch tomorrow.	Tomorrow they will start having fries as well.  I was able to try and beef, the broth, the coffee and the frittatas today :)
Only because of the height. It doesn't work with trees or tomato plants either.	Pot is also illegal.
Thanks for that other subreddit, I had to unsubscribe from the GOT one after it got so bloated with memes from the show.	It's so much better. Really. newlinechar  newlinechar They outright banned memes, comics, etc a few months ago. It's actually a great place for actual discussion instead of 'Who thinks this person would be great for this character?' posts.
Richmond BC? Fucking WORST Drivers hahaha	Yes, BC. :D
I think that's too much reading material for him	Considering his response to me was 'they are mutually exclusive imo', you're probably right.
Great show, especially that Buckwalter Gundersonephner character. 	You mean Gurton Buster?
You forgot one of these: '0' newlinechar 	&gt;That's fucked up. My dad died in the 09/11 attacks. Took 300 infidels with him too.
Our local, shop aren't a very friendly bunch of people. So I can't see that happening sadly. I think I might just eat some cheez its	I like to put sweet baby rays barbecue sauce on cheez its, it's fuckin good. 
&gt;Go back to space   newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY	Bring some humans with you.
Ah, the classic OP witchhunt. Either he deleted all his comments or he's being suspiciously silent.	He's there, look out for /u/hopeforlife
Anything's possible. Bye. :)	bye bye :)
The name you're trying to remember is, Slim Shady.	Mrs. BJ Smegma... hah...
3&gt;2&gt;1. newlinechar I think it has gotten better each year.	Can't fault you on that. Season 3 had some of my favorite episodes( RCT, Regional,  and Digital Estate Planning) but I felt like it was very hit or miss.
Is u tryin to trick me agen Amon?	Ok I must have missed that new down-syndrome trend this subreddit seemed to be so fond of... What the fuck happened?
Maybe they'll be a giant named Fev-Tee-Siks in TWOW.	Just as long as it's not Sta-Chu-Toe-Ree-Wray-Pur.
Have you tried high% ethanol as well or like 99% alcohol? I think it would work a bit better than the vinegar plus you can evaporate it and smoke the resin after if that is how you roll	Vinegar isn't to clean. You use ISO for that. Vinegar acts as a protective seal you put on a piece after you have cleaned it. It keeps resin from building.  newlinechar  newlinechar I haven't really tried it, nor do I know if it works well. 
No, that's the reserved spot for delivery boys, since our parking lot is so small, and it's always full.	i retract my previous statement. My bad. 
I didn't know about the weapon favorite thing at all o.o	Yeah, I didn't either...
we were all quite drunk and incapable of such reasoning.	I'm sober and still would never have thought of that shit. newlinechar  newlinechar It's a card game man, you go quick or you go home.
There must be a lot of drugs involved with this. 	[He did an AMA some months back](http://www.reddit.com/comments/drouh/i_am_cyriak_ama/), and said there's no drugs involved at all, other than tea and cheese.
My solution was rip holes in the wall and follow the cables. I always cheat at these...	[You're just a regular Einstein, aren't you?](http://imgur.com/TsTS1)
Indeed, mine did too. I had done integration, differentiation and differential equations before I left high school.	The higher level integration (integration by parts etc) wasn't even that hard either and yet I hear people complaining about it. It's just like any other maths. Input different letters and numbers into an equation. BAM! got your answer.
Ohhhhhhhhhhhh myyyyyyy I had almost forgotten. Whata goat. 	my most vivid charger memory :(  newlinechar that was suppose to be our year
That could be said of anyone, in any foreign land, pretty much ever.	I think the social disparity is more evident in western countries like the US and UK. Asian immigrants just have completely different standards of child raising.
Denim Dick	Pants Prick.
I'd be happy to test that out with anyone willing.	yeah, I'll see whats up with that on the ps3. I'll make a character just for it. I'll get back to the reddit on news with this in like, a month XD newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar And i'm completely serious. 
Did you try running the game at a lower resolution? That did it for me.	Running it at the lowest :/
Is that Jonny Ace?	I think so. The other guy is definitely 1 2 3 Kid, Sean Waltman.
TBH I hate the downvote/dislike system on the forums. Shurelia's supports rework was so intensely hated it and she got downvoted intensely, and by now I don't know how many people even remember it.	you mean when they nerfed all of the scaling on support heals and cemented the already growing 0 cs support bottom lane meta?
Tell her to relax.  Zombies are looking for brains.	[relevant](http://www.baltimoresun.com/news/maryland/harford/bs-md-ha-dismemberment-follow-20120531,0,4066697.story)
You could try going to a convention in your area. Usually artists bring some of their flash with them to sell.	This.  Buy it from the artist or you're taking money out of their pocket.
'Segregation Now, Segregation Tomorrow, Segregation Forever.' newlinechar George Wallace (D) 1963.... newlinechar  newlinechar Keep in mind this was two years before African Americans had the right to vote, and well past the 'early' 20th century. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 	At the time, the dependent factor was really where you were from.   The senator who introduced the civil rights acts of 1964 and 1968 was from New York.  All the asshats that filibustered it were southerners, who were accustomed to a racist milieu.  
ouch	That's what he said. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar ...Or at least I think that's what he said.  It was hard to tell through the sobbing.
What exactly does it do?	In the new snapshot, you get experience from smelting stuff in the furnace.
That's another matter completely.	As a matter of fact, it is.
I.... I think you edited the wrong comment... that or I'm just not comprehending anything right now.... newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Looking at your previous comment I'm 90% certain you edited the wrong one.	Now I need to go look at his previous comment. *sigh*
Jesus christ.	Well heeeyyyy theeerrrreee shitty shitty fag fag, shitty shitty fag fag, what d'ya know?! newlinechar  newlinechar I'm sorry, I couldn't resist.
With what; a bat, a lead pipe, or your penis?	My penis....  I doubt the other 2 are necessary considering how fucking retarded this bitch is already.
Nice try sneaky zombie redditor..	I'm not... You don't think I... Psssht!! newlinechar  newlinechar *shuffleshuffle*
&gt;are there lots of libertarian atheists?? newlinechar  newlinechar There's some -- Ayn Rand, Colby Cosh, Karen Selick (the latter two are Canadian but still alive and worth looking up). newlinechar  newlinechar Oh yeah, and Penn Jillette, of course.	I think Penn Jillette is my hero
another jeremy checking in!	Hey guys!
The shape of your face doesn't necessarily mean mentally retarded, neither does a hearing aid. 	Down's affects alot of physical characteristics on people.
Until they started calling it a carry. lol.	Then I guess he should come back because it would be super effective again. Amirite?
LETS GO 'Topes!	That stadium is awesome. I fucking love minor league stadiums.
I was trying to get vision but I just completely forgot all the commands and the tower didn't work out :p	How?
Worse is when you're parents are trying to keep costs down.  newlinechar  newlinechar We were not allowed to buy any of the foods there, parents gave me and my sister a bag full of candy and the like. I got sick off how much sugar I had. 	My grandfather's motto: 'You got to go. That's enough of a souvenir already.'
http://imgur.com/lPTaW	Fuck, I don't know. I saw this picture so many times, but right now, being 2 AM, I am just laughing my ass off. That face, THAT FACE. So serious, yet so sarcastic within those eyebrows. newlinechar  newlinechar Fuck that's funny.
He certainly is.	someone go thank that man's mother!
Nobody likes you jhpruitt.	youre telling me man. somebody called me a nazi yesterday.
Who the fuck is Tyrone Lannister?	Tyrion's stone-cold cousin, straight outta the Summer Islands, obviously.
Middle name?	Ditzy Derpy Doo. It's got a bit of a ring to it. 
&gt;I fucking hate this. newlinechar  newlinechar Good news:  You never have to go through it again.  Your call.	Nice perspective!
And the winner for the fastest post goes to, Primesauce!	I had to post it before I sobered up.
You view spousal relationships in the same way you view parent-child relationships?  I don't.	Would you punish your parents when they are old, weak and dependent in similar ways that children are?
I want to see a cycle of 'big lords' across all the colors... I'm calling it, Siege-Gang Commander is coming back!	Siege-gang would be pretty sweet, but I would point out that he's not actually a lord, he just shits goblins.  Goblin Chieftain would make a bit more sense in that regard.
No idea why that's happening to you, but I can confirm I can test a weapon multiple times. This is really strange...	Well I retract my comments then.   newlinechar Sorry!
Good read!  I have so many shields split, but after reading this, I will be doing a facing of some kind whether it be a thin leather or a linen and hide glue cover.	Don't forget the recommendation to use plywood. 
I love how 'Brand new' is a bullet point in the technical details.  I guess lots of light bulbs you get online are brand old or something?	I'm quite certain they mean it's a new product as in this is a new model, not just that no one has used it before.
An upvote for you effort.	And upvote for saying you upvote 
thats so awesome ;_; all the ones I ever see run away too quickly. I'm also afraid they may have rabies. 	I put my hand out at one point and it tried to climb on top, then decided to what I thought was trying to bite me, but it just opened its mouth and placed his teeth on my finger, but not bite lol. Scared me for a sec
So... could he?	I think that he was forced to give up his magic for his spider powers. He went on to trying to grab one of the dragon's grandmothers and the line went where he wanted the dragon to stop existing because he was never supposed to have been born. =/
Thank you! That's what I thought. Without knowing anything else about it, I went ahead and snapped it up. It was only $15.	Can't beat that! You planning on chopping it soon?
Came here to post this. This seems to come up a lot in r/atheism and it annoys the shit out of me. It's in the New Testament, everyone.	Ditto.  And i am an atheist
That's the rub... I think that counseling can't really fix being an idiot or being an asshole, and it's one of those, if not both, that are getting Kaner in trouble.	Exactly.  If he's got a drinking problem, by all means, get him some help.  I think he just makes dumb choices though.  
Yeah, they're all similar. One is longer, the rest are shorter. I was in hospice for about a month.	I'm glad you recovered. I'm very sorry you had to go through that!
No.	What if I write Tim?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zXDo4dL7SU	Somewhere there has to be *something* about fartbending.
Me being a Canadian I say Add THis fucking feature mojang	Imagine people sueing saying its offensive to Canadians when they themselves aren't Canadian 
Yeah, when/if I use my phone in the locker room, I like lean into my locker to hide so that no one thinks I'm trying to take their picture.	But then how do you take pictures? Doesn't the locker get in the way?
Don't you think that's enough?	If you're a pussy.
Dr. Jones Dr. Jones calling Dr. Jones, Dr. Jones Dr. Jones wake up now... (WAKE UP NOW!)	Fuck, that song is stuck in my head now. 
Jim and Seth. Hi guys.	I bet you're wondering why I've gathered you all here today.
Cheap things are beautiful wonders, but catering to a budget is not what this subreddit is about. I came here to see discussions on *the best* of every item ever imaginable, not College Carl asking about where to score a good deal.	You're in the wrong place. newlinechar  newlinechar You want an expensive taste style sub.
it's a very morally ambiguous position to be in. I believe some of these people should at least have to pay heavy fines for what they have done. Our jails are overcrowded, and the court systems are backed up. Fine them, and regulate this shit already	*Our jails are overcrowded, and the court systems are backed up. Fine them, and regulate this shit already* newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar And then legalize it for recreational use among adults! Wait no, that's something else.
Why is this guy being upvoted?	I wish you would've just told me how you felt. [Let's get this started.](http://imgur.com/LeXWy)
I would recommend Android over IOS since you don't have to do that much paper work or pay for anything, on top of that you'll get tons of support.  	Both platforms have active support communities. Contrary to sanimalp's comment, neither Objective C nor Xcode (for OS X development) costs money to use. I'd recommend the OP start with OS X to get the hang of the language and APIs and then moves to iOS.
Liquitex Basics with Fabric Medium mixed in. :)	Shoes are dope dude. You really should get a website and setup a side business project. Posting to reddit/gaming is always going to nail you customers. 
Jedi baseball mid-air force suspension.	Seems legit
I don't know if that's an option.  I'd be terrified if someone I'm not out to saw it and word got around.  I prefer to remain stealth if possible.	I know where you are coming from.  (I never thought I'd be this way...but I'd kill to have a boyfriend.  Want an SO soooo bad)
The original linked comment is Worstanswerpossible with 190K comments...the account that was commenting within that thread is the new fake one. 	You're...right. That is true. Oops.
I'm telling you, people like in the second story give me gluten free boners.   newlinechar  newlinechar This is not remotely sexual, nor do I have a penis, so I hope you numsayin'?	Not really.
Indeed. I wish it could continue, but everything has to end sooner or later. :/	True.  To be honest, this series sucked me in just like 1000vultures series.  
wait was this a real thing	[Yes](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUsz-FV5iHE)
It's simple, son. You see, ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn.	I don't speak Welsh.
It is if you're 7, the children need to pick up the slack.	Literally.
In your minds they do	In your minds.
that's also what buddy said	Spanish studyin' is better when you're **Buddy-in'!**
It was an apology that the community didn't accept. Think angry girlfriend.	It was an apology the community didn't deserve. Think girlfriend not getting something for her birthday while she's been cheating.
IT DOES WHEN WE'RE THE BEST NA TEAM IN THE CCL	YOUR TEAM WOULD HAVE LOST TO SEATTLE. REMEMBER WHAT THEY DID TO YOU IN LEAGUE COMPETITION? OR YOUR CURRENT PLACE IN THE STANDINGS?
Some women don't look very good smiling so outright like this. Here is an exception.	It's so forced, yet somehow still cute.
Yeah, that joke's getting old now...	Give it a week or two. Eventually, it'll be, *'Nah, I'm a Redguard. Two-handed increased. Get it, guys? Guys!?'* newlinechar  newlinechar Still, it's better than the damned fever-pitch that 'arrow-in-the-knee' caused. 
Funpressing?	Deprenny?
[10]? Why you not at [11]?	Holy shit, [10] is already crazy, what happens at [11]?
At least there are some comments calling it out. I find it so amazingly condescending and patronising to post this in /r/aww, it's boggling me. Awww look at the cute puppies. Aww look at the cute baby seal. Awww look at the cute gay people.	Top comment actually made me laugh out loud: 'Cats of gtfo.' newlinechar  newlinechar I fully agree.
I still use them... newlinechar I don't need yo digitalization	You're on the internet 
Au is gold, dumbshit	I just imagine you making this comment as you looked up from your keyboard at your laminated periodic table. 
you must be black.	YOU MUST BE MORMON.
seriously? I think you're gonna have a bad time 	Completely serious. I'll just have all the lights on with a friend holding my hand. Then it will be fine... right? *maybe...*
wtf? 8 bucks for members? I remember when it was $5, that is complete bullshit.	I WARNED YOU ABOUT INFLATION BRO!!!! newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I TOLD YOU [DOG](http://www.mspaintadventures.com/sweetbroandhellajeff/)!
...and then you can tell your mom how less than 5% of that crowd actually bothered to vote for ron paul!	Well... they all probably voted.  But, being unemployed and all, they followed the ron-paul tour bus to every city. newlinechar  newlinechar I know of a few super-dedicated ron paul fanboys that did exactly that for the past few months.
Bei dem Automechaniker?	Contract to 'Beim'
Readers? Unless we have a better term for the likes of us.	Okay, if anyone can think of something funny/relevant I'll put it up, otherwise I'll just default it to 'readers'.
We didn't use the feta b/c my sister hates cheese, but it was still delicious!	&gt;  sister hates cheese newlinechar  newlinechar are you...  is...  sister...  who... what, now?
Yeah, I wanted to do original designs, but it turns out the market isn't there yet. Is it selling out? Maybe. But the way I look at it, its practice for later, when I can move out of the 'videogame shoe' niche and start really designing my own shoe-wear.	Upvote for not getting defensive and being practical. From the comments it's obvious to see people love your shoes and you are getting a ton of requests. 
you version is better spoken with emphasis on *out*; dreamers is better written.	I generally type out stories how I talk. 
This has gotten so out of hand by the start of the season I'm going to be severely disappointed if he's not the second coming of Christ. Anything less than a 1000 yard game and 3 rushing touchdowns will be a failure.	Yeah I agree. No one seems to understand the season Cam Newton had last year as a rookie. No one is breaking those records, and somehow I feel people will be disappointed if Gryph doesn't look like a better QB than Newton. 
I cain't give out no infermation.	What's the most you've ever lost on a coin toss?
Who will oppose this? Not the restaurants, for they can sell more drinks at smaller sizes, raising profits. Not the soft drink companies, for the same reason. Maybe the healthcare industry, for putting future business at risk?	Wrong.  The soft drink companies will oppose it (and if you read the article, you'll see they've already issued official statements against it) because if it works and people DO drink less of those 'evil beverages', they'll lose money.
Sex on the beach. Not something I have done, but knowing how much bacteria there is on the sand and how the sand can get everywhere, it does not seem like a wise idea.	As someone who has done it, I second this. Sand EVERYWHERE. The chafing was unimaginable. 
They're doing this because catholic foundations(such as schools) don't necessarily have to have catholic employees.	And because Catholics [don't much follow the ban on birth contro](http://www.concordmonitor.com/article/312389/how-many-catholic-women-have-really-used-contraception?page=full)l.
[Congratulations](http://a.markosweb.com/screenshots/2/7/7/2778236.jpg)!	feels like one of those 1,000,000th visitor...
Or 'Just the tip'?	Just for a second, just to see how it feels.
I can neither confirm nor deny that accusation.	It's okay, sport. You don't have to tell me. newlinechar  newlinechar I already know.
I've always found Arc Trail to be a lot better value for the cost. Galvanic Blast usually does it for me at instant speed.	Pillar of Flame too, kills Strangleroots, Gravecrawlers, and Messengers dead.
Come on! Can we meet halfway and you follow all the rules I make? 	    Naaaaaa
r/gaming particularly. They still have a thing for all things portal. And I can't blame them.	Portal 2 was unbelievably average. newlinechar  newlinechar The writing was pure genius though, best writing I've encountered this side of Penny-Arcade OTRSPOD
This looks pretty cool, but a 100 dollar buy in to get the actual rules is a bit rich for my blood.	I'll agree it's a bit steep, but I thought I would spread the word since there didn't seem to be any other links to it on Reddit.  Especially since old GDW games have a special place in my cold, dead heart.
I used to work with the guy, he WISHES he was the blackest guy in Oregon	Yep, sounds like an Oregonian to me.
Is there any way to be unconsious for the procedure?	You're the Mister Doctor Professor here! Your eyes are pain-free thanks to anesthesia and the nature of the operation, but it's simply too short a simple an operation to be put under.
The new Hornets owner should offer to pay for the kid's makeover.  newlinechar  newlinechar A better image means more money for him and the team.  newlinechar  newlinechar Maybe the unibrow is something he can be known for, but those teeth are painful to LOOK at.	Yeah definitely can't have the face of your franchise looking like a scrub.
weed hate for you to miss that.	Joint.  newlinechar  newlinechar (I am terrible at puns. Here, have a [sloth.](http://themetapicture.com/media/funny-gif-sleepy-sloth-cute.gif))
I was only implying almost every car could park like this. I did not say that the owner of such truck doesn't put it to good use.	I'm not sure why you're being down voted, you're making a valid point. 
says he didn't have a ticket, you just want Lil Wayne to cheer for you. Don't worry if you guys win the series he automatically will root for you.	I don't think anyone gives a shit if Lil Wayne roots for their team or not. 
And I, sir, will buy that T-Shirt	I will also buy one.
WTF, why go to a pet store? They sell fish at a grocery store. You sick fuck.	It needs time to not rot. But I agree that a fish as small as the ones at the pet store won't smell enough. Get something at the grocery store, or even better, fish it yourself. 
Remember the old episode in the anime when they found ancient pokballs that held Jesse and James at one point? I think they used to be able to but they modified the balls so they couldn't be used criminally 	I do vaguely remember that episode. newlinechar Do you by chance remember which episode it was?
Sumatra PDF is also a fine choice. Very light weight.	And Open Source, unlike either Fox-It or Adobe.
I've never once seen 'aussie fries' in Australia, and the notion of loading down fries with cheese and bacon is (AFAIK) unheard of here. 	Yep I've never even heard of them before, but now I want some.
Fiora, Lulu, Hecarim?	They all had their own weeks. This weeks flavor is double whamo of  Darius/Draven
Shit pay and dieing trade.There's a good doco on vimeo about it.	http://vimeo.com/11175747
This entire thread is racist as hell and I think racism should be a crime. Come on people, crime is for black people. 	What's long, black, and stinky. The line at the welfare office.
it isn't peter le. his name is alex. here's his [fb](http://www.facebook.com/A2theLex) and [tumblr](http://fwafwafwafwa.tumblr.com/)	\^^ DAYUM
Um....somebody better call Donald. 	[wht?](http://forum.cheatengine.org/files/dolan_154.png)
are you a girl?	Or a twelve year old.
Make your bed!	Who has time to make a bed when there's a new bike to ride!?!?
Ha, my buddy maintains a legacy system for Cisco that runs on access. 	ohgodwhy.jpg
Indeed. The problem is, it has a steep learning curve.	The problem derives from harsh parents.
He's insulted just about every protoss at least once. I imagine there's more to it than that.	hell dude, idra called stephano a gimmicky flash in the pan, and people *still* say that about him. Idra's opinion carried an absurd amount of weight in the community for a long long time.
High school parking lot	nice
Ya, gold definitely doesn't have practical value.	Conductor.
Look at the OP.  It's the same dude.  Reposting his own stuff. newlinechar 	My Bad!... Maybe he has selective amnesia? 
In a way I kinda like it.  As the years go by, fields get better and better and before you now it weather is hardly a factor.  It brings back an old style feeling to me.  I like seeing guys slip and get muddy, some original football.	Soldier Field is so bad that you even have to deal with sunshine.
No, it's not new, it's ImplementationFactory.getInstance()	As a Scala programmer, it's `OraclesImplementationOfJava()`.
It's funny that he picked two cartoons with very strong anime influences as examples of what people *should* be doing. I mean, the Boondocks even sneaked Jin from Samurai Champloo into an episode.	Yea I don't really think he knows a lot about either of those shows or anime in general. . . Because all anime was what was on Toonami right?
To be fair, I've watched scouts whack sentries to death with a fish, so really anything is possible in TF2.  newlinechar  newlinechar First rule of TF2 is to never underestimate anyone you play with and what they're capable of if they're cornered or desperate.	There are some moments that I'll retreat after losing all but one health having taken down many an foe and just exclaim, 'How did I survive that?'
Why this one?	Everyone gets upvotes except this guy. Fuck him. DOWNVOTES!
Jimmies = rustled 	Rustle level = **heavy**
Best thing to do is get an animal. Dogs or birds would be best.	Fuck birds...I have 2 cats and 3 dogs...I am prepared -_-
...don't... don't do that.	Don't do what? :)
Why not use any random, unrelated meme for karma, just because it starts with 'why not'?	Why not, Scumbag Steve?
The scene is from the episode of South Park called 'Make Love, Not Warcraft'	Ty! newlinechar I'm gonna have to rewatch that ep again 
I don't know about that. newlinechar 	I see what you did there...
But my figure ;_;	will appreciate the extra fat to put in the right places &gt;.&gt;
Looking good. :) you're an 8/10 at the least! (even that might be an understatement!) 	Thank you! Making me blush x.X
...Church? 	Yeah, ruined the joke for me. 
My takeaway was that at least they use bash. Must mean they use Linux, I've never met a Mac person who could use bash. 	Bash is the default shell on macs, it's what I use. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Oh, it was a Mac user insult.
WE.DONT.TALK.ABOUT.IT.	Shhhh, it's just a gonnorhea nodule. 
Useless? How?	Zeylanema is right. Too many 'phoren' universities use this as an opportunity to make money rather than impart real education. Poor luck :(
Fuck yeah!  Canyoneroooooooooo! newlinechar  newlinechar   [Related vid.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4QgWRycd7I)	Can you name the truck with four wheel drive?   newlinechar Smells like a steak and seats thirty-five.. 
Didn't they suggest the same thing after his altercation with a Buffalo taxi driver? 	nah
'[The Only Moral Abortion Is My Abortion](http://mypage.direct.ca/w/writer/anti-tales.html)'	Thank you! I was searching and searching and racking my brain to find it!
North Korea?	Yeah, that's where the spies hang out.
I often get called a 'metal hipster' because I constantly wear a red flannel shirt.	Fuck those people. Red Flannel shirts keep me warm and look awesome.
Deeper and more harsh.	With that wording obese sultan rapist I'll just imagine Optimus Prime saying it.
What if brownies lead to weed which lead to meth then cannibalism. 	.... and then the Zombie Apocalypse...
[](/ajbaffle)Ah'm no fish!	http://i.imgur.com/q1p5y.jpg
Caulfield*	no, Caulfield is full of foreigners and Clayton is full of the wankers ;)
That reminds me I need to catch up on my breaking bad, that show is fucking bad-ass.	Frankly I'm surprised you managed to stop watching it long enough to type this.
I think the blown title shots would make him the Jim Kelly of the UFC	As a Buffalo resident, I begrudgingly agree...
Thank you! I'll start my search. I already looked through monster.de and am positive about this. :) 	If it works, let me know. I love to post testimonials :)
Yes. But his real name is Jens.	Why did he get downvoted? It seems like an innocent enough question
She's so beautiful and fierce!! Get it gurl! newlinechar  newlinechar This is making me so hyped for their comeback! June is going to be amazing for k-pop!	that top is ugly tho...right?
Still waiting. 	I don't think he's coming.
Metaphorically or sexually?	Both would work equally well. Just imagine. No more cell phones going off in movies. They'd all be se to vibrate. 
well then thanks for the reality check. maybe my metabolism isn't as good as I thought. Time to rehual my diet.  newlinechar  newlinechar Seriously, thanks.	dont worry about bf% its just a number, you have a great base, work hard and you will look awesome in years to come
Great point. Karmanaut totally deserves AIDS for deleting a boring fake AMA and banning a stupid novelty account, especially AIDS from a black person because black people black or something. /s	He didn't know it was fake. His reasons for closing it were hypocritical.
[I really expected that to be something different](/spoiler)	[I knew you'd hover this.  I just knew it.](/spoiler)
That was me and it was crap. KevMo is a machine so it wasn't a fair fight.	well it looked great on camera so be happy your death is indirectly going to support the game :P
Yea I know, I'm fucked. Plain and simple.	but then again, maybe he wont check the tapes
I lost my shit at 1:26 when she mocks the screaming baby. My husband and I want to walk up to the next screaming kid table we encounter and do that until they leave!	[Brian from Family Guy](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EHM57HcHJ_c) tried that out newlinechar  newlinechar sorry for the poor quality
I think what this redditor means to say is... can *I* go to Mars? newlinechar 	Yes, me, OddDude55.
My hat of to you sir. For when I will be slaying enemies and having fun you will be working on making sure I have fun. Thankyou	Pretty sure I was sick this week because I worked 60 hours last week. So no problem. 
What kinda shot are we talking? like patron? cause that is every night for me newlinechar 	multiple ingredients. newlinechar  newlinechar 1 part captain morgan newlinechar  newlinechar 1 part 1800 tequilla newlinechar  newlinechar 1 part jagermeister newlinechar  newlinechar 1 part bacardi lemon newlinechar  newlinechar can't remember 5th part right now newlinechar  newlinechar 2 drops of tabasco newlinechar  newlinechar 
that would require an awful-lot of hits considering the page is only 4kb.	not to mention he can just remove the NS servers on the domain and have it not resolve to anything. He'd still own it and no one else could use it, but it wouldn't have such a lovely website anymore.
But.... Science. 	Nope. Aliens! Checkmate again atheists.
FTFY:  this is why abortion should stay fucking legal, if for no other reason THIS IS THE ONE FUCKING REASON. newlinechar 	^
You're seriously harming your body. Although I doubt someone who hoards garbage really cares. newlinechar  newlinechar Also - and this will get me downvotes cause it's mean but I don't care - you sicken me.	Have you ever been to college? Sometimes price/convenience limits your ability to plan ahead. newlinechar  newlinechar Sorry but, dick move.
but then do you smile? I have a habit of not smiling so I just look like a rapist	I smile all the time, can't stop it. But people like it. (This has nothing to do with NoFap, just started it)
they just tryin' to get by.	Everyday I'm slitherin'.
From your link newlinechar &gt;SketchUp is one of the most popular 3D modeling tools in the world.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar BHWHAHAHAHHAHA. Yeah.....OKAY	Most popular? yes newlinechar  newlinechar i know several people who use it, not 3D professionals, just normal people and it's free, easy to use.
What the--	Yeah, pretty fucked up. He said it was every week during the summer. 
Best one I've seen so far. Except maybe that Mclovin one, although I'm still skeptical that's real. First upvote for this thread.	With the McLovin one, his picture is the 'I', I believe you looked at a pic of McLovin.
and i say HEY!	What a wonderful kind of day!
Speaking of corrupt mods... I present to you: newlinechar  newlinechar [The Tale of Laurelai/Raziel](http://www.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/qgahn/recap_the_tale_of_laurelairaziel/)	Is this STILL going on? Fuck, man....
oh dude, all of the Balkans has crazy hot women.  One of my friends went to Split in Croatia and brought back pictures and it was crazy hotness all over the place.  The chicks working the fryer at Mickey D's looked like models.    	Upvote for Split being awesome. I love that place.
everyone who matters	exactly.
A pickle surprise! newlinechar http://youtu.be/NgWn7zbgxZ4	WTF?
So this isn't the type of restaurant I should take my mum to?	you can, you go there for the experience mainly , but we got special events, birthdays and work partys and such
Because it looks like something left over from a medical procedure.	^ This.
Bart Simpson is a chick.  So's Ash Ketchum. Unless you're holding the grapes in your hand, you just don't know...	0.0
Hint: Your dad is Paul McCartney.	That's what I'm seeing.
I do vaguely remember that episode. newlinechar Do you by chance remember which episode it was?	It was 'The Ancient Puzzle of Pokmopolis' from season 1.
1. Go to the future. newlinechar 2. Purchase a sports almanac. newlinechar 3. ???? newlinechar 4. Profit!	[Relevant](http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/10/great-scott-doc-back-to-the-future-drawing.jpg)
I feel so left out, what is this sorcery?	Pizza Hut $10 pizza box
well it looked great on camera so be happy your death is indirectly going to support the game :P	My only consolation in getting shot down by Kevmo is that it looked really cool for you guys. I'm still pretty sure he's more machine than man now.
Yeah, we happen to know [what's really going on](http://i.imgur.com/y0NqZ.jpg). :)	[Yes, indeed we do~](http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/300/537/b86.jpg)
You live in Paris?	Yes, for the past 2 years with the family for work. 
Don't get excited... newlinechar  newlinechar they are probably dudes 	Still had sex. 
I would think it would offset a bit by jerks like me who will pick something like 3*pi/sqrt(2)	INTEGER, BITCH.
Cool! So would that be 1.5 parts liquid to 1 part solid?	Something like that.  You can also add a bit of beer to the bottom of the cooking vessel to deglaze it/clean and get a decent sauce it if you are not just eating out of it.   
Whales are just the worst.	Right? I'm finding more and more on here that I'm not alone in this. 
If you want to get a serious head-start, I'd say throw nothing but the Buzzz and whichever putter feels best to you. newlinechar  newlinechar No harm in throwing the others but if you stick to two discs it'll give you a much better reference for how you're actually throwing.	That's kind of what I was planning to do, thanks!
Your knowledge on the subject clearly outstrips mine by a fair quantity. Thanks for the insight!	Sorry if that came off as a little know-it-all-ish, I certainly didn't intend to belittle your comment or anything like that.
Have you tried different props? Graupner blades can be modified to fit the stock spinner. Or if you replace the whole prop, try an Aeronaut 11x6.	Its not the prop cracking it is the spinner. If I do see any damage again I am going to buy one of those metal spinners.
no, Caulfield is full of foreigners and Clayton is full of the wankers ;)	Clayton is full of wankers, very true. At least at Caulfield I don't get constantly trolled or angered in the library by noisy people. 
that's nice i'd give her a 2 and a 0 on personality	I figured I wouldn't rate her personality cause this is amiugly, not amiafuckingmoron, hahah.
The noise that came out of me when reading this was inhuman.	I'm not sure how to read this... were you disgusted/found it hilarious?
So that plushy also makes a good pair of gloves. 	[](/raritywhy)
You've never met. Don't lie.	dont be so harsh :(
Let's read!!!!!	But video games are more fun!
Oh yeah, it's annoying the heck out of me getting hit by her foot when I'm fairly far away.	Not to mention every time you kill Mom, you seem to take damage right afterwards. I've actually died because of this twice now.
That's not what your mother said last night.	Are you implying, bum sex?
The title of the article is awful.  It makes it look like Plibersek is a racist, sexist, homophobe; which is completely contrary to the facts of the article.  It's terrible editing.	Wait so Tanya isn't part of a government that opposes gay marriage and supports shipping asylum seekers off to Malaysia?
It was on 4chan originally, I believe. I spotted it there about 8 or so months ago. But hey, I could be wrong.	It's years old.
I have a bunch from inside, but it's kind of rotted beat up	any research equipment?
I've destroyed entire villages because of their indecisiveness about being inside or out.	Maybe they're just feeling hot and cold about the whole affair.
To you. I live in Utah, and have been hit for saying as much....	On reddit, it seriously isn't. 
Looks like it has an Internal Gear Hub (IGH).	That's correct, it has an internal gear hub, an 8-speed Shimano Alfine.
It says how right at the bottom...	It tells you what you have to be, not what you have to do to gain access. You can't just magically be accepted, you have to do something to become approved. How do you become approved? I could have phrased the title better.
In this case the contraception being referred to is the morning after pill or equivalent, which is designed to prevent the fertilised egg from implanting on the uterine wall whilst it is still in blastula form. Many religions include this in their definition of abortion.	This is not at all what the hormone pill was 'designed' to do.  It was designed to prevent ovulation.  That's what it does.  The other *potential* effects on uterine lining haven't been clearly demonstrated and were not the purpose or designed intent of the drug.
I guess they finally made a monkey out of you, huh?	I love you Dr. Zaius!
Hopefully I'll be able to get an auto attack on to red from over the wall to leash now too!	Totally the most annoying part about some mids
dead bodies, mutilated genitals, scat porn. You know, the usual.	Honestly the least disturbing stuff to me is the bodies. Everyone dies, after all. But the BLUE WAFFLE, OH GAWD WHY (and the rest of the nasty diseased cocks/vaginas).
But it might make the invisible cloud man angry!	There's only one [deity](http://i3.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/000/206/Flying_Spaghetti_Monster.jpg) I strive not to anger.
That's some political comedy gold right there.	Michele, like baby, c'mon... Nobody gives a shit about that newlinechar 
You've never seen vintage Dusty Rhodes, good sir. Fatties can have awesome cardio. newlinechar 	The true American Dream. 
Even more devious if OP gives up an account name, but it turns out they don't know each other irl, and they just got into a row on reddit and this is OP's troll revenge.  Trollvenge.	GREATEST IDEA EVAR
Have you ever had an emergency that involved having to turn the lights on during dinner?	never. But that can happen if a fire goes on in the kitchen. The only issue is the power going off for no reason sometimes... but no complaints there :)
maybe they should *chang* the focus so we can see it better	I see what you *changed* there...
Why? This isn't 1972.	imagine if it wasn't quick release* just realized the shame of my typo.
Agreed but screw the NDAA question; bring on the assassination of 3 american citizens.	Wouldn't that be included in the NDAA questions? It pretty much validates all the fears everyone had.
Wow another insightful comment by dredditing.  You sir are a logic master.  Right up there with socrates. /s	I guess the saying 'History repeats itself' just came out of nowhere, and for no reason. newlinechar  newlinechar I suppose I could list examples of exactly how history has repeated itself, but only you can educate yourself.
You and 12 million other teenage boys.	Dibs on calling him Legolas!
There is no way in hell Hazard will make more than Lampard or Terry. Come on now.	Considering Man U and Man City were definately VERY interested, there is a good chance they needed to offer very high wages as well... newlinechar Pretty sure it wouldn't be lower than 170k a week. After all, he seriously is one of the best prospects in the world.
A gold farmer bought me Cataclysm, levelled my warlock to 85, got me maxed mining and some other shit. All I had to do was trade all my gear and money, I had already quit so it was actually pretty cool.	They used stolen credit cards for that most likely.
Exactly, a job is something you do simply to earn money; a career is a series of connected employment opportunities where you're actually 'doing your best' to strengthen your future :)	Thank you guys for your wisdom.
LAY OFF THE FUCKING CAPS	CAPSLOCK IS CRUISE CONTROL FOR COOL
but then again, maybe he wont check the tapes	I hope not, I want to just say I opened the door. But at the same time not say shit.
Now tagged as 'has sex quite often'	O.K.
Those items are 700 honor, and disenchantable. It's easy Maelstrom crystals and easy gold/enchanting.	Came here to say this. I do it all the time and it's a great way to spend extra honor. 
one million morons	*not quite 1 million morons...* newlinechar  newlinechar      closer to 50k likes
How did the badger do that without ripping your shirt?	Go away! We got bigger problems than you now!
Now kiss.	.jpg
There are some moments that I'll retreat after losing all but one health having taken down many an foe and just exclaim, 'How did I survive that?'	Equate that sense of astonishment to the rage of the poor bastard who you killed looking at his killcam to see you prancing off with 1 HP.  newlinechar  newlinechar The jimmies, they are rustled immensely. :D
Tons of them lied about their age to go fight.	You think someone would just do that? Go to the registry and lie?
He's talking about the period after your smily face emoticon.	What if it's a piercing? Or a snake bite?
Thank you! Making me blush x.X	You have a great smile :)
Oh god, so repost, so incredibly repost. Always hilarious though.	I hadn't seen it before.
Yeah, Asamat Bagatof	Couldn't recognize him without his balls in the way.
http://i.imgur.com/2XQwO.jpg	NIGHTMARE MATERIAL HERE.
I meant with what was left over. newlinechar 	Herpes and drug addiction.
I don't know if I'd call it 'boning'.... newlinechar  newlinechar [turtle](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rj8DY7hwlVo) - Maybe NSFW. 	No wonder lady turtle's making that face.
I cannot support Tamora Pierce enough!	I hated fantasy until someone gave me Trickster's Choice when I was in high school. I really need to read the rest of her novels.
What if I write Tim?	Maybe you could do wildcards: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; T*
...but give her *no money*.	prostitution
You might have some familiarity with Kashrut laws - certainly that pigs and seafood are not kosher. But less well known are the rather odd array of animals that are in fact kosher - a list that includes giraffes, gazelles, flying fish, owls, and vultures.	If only we could properly schecht a giraffe! O, the culinary delight. newlinechar 
Nope, they completely underestimate it all. Taking all AP classes in high school 'Why are you taking classes where you can't get 100/100 in all the time?' All day, every day. College same idea haha.	Wait, so they'd rather have a 4.0 populated by blow-off classes instead of a 3.something made up of interesting/useful/lucrative classes?
I use a heat gun and then peel with a razor blade then fingers.  Usually some of the adhesive won't come off and it needs sandpapered.	Heat gun, plastic scraper.  newlinechar  newlinechar As for the adhesive sticking, hit it with some MEK and it will come right off. 
I think the social disparity is more evident in western countries like the US and UK. Asian immigrants just have completely different standards of child raising.	A lot more effective too by the looks of it.
Would you punish your parents when they are old, weak and dependent in similar ways that children are?	No.
My favorite was 'They say there is safety in numbers, but try telling that to 6 millions Jews'.	Shouldn't 'Numbers' be capitalised?
But the other guy was Black &amp; 6'1', so that narrows it down quite a bit.	Wait so he shot himself?
ORLY?	Dafuq ?
[Here you go, friend.](http://i.imgur.com/9NVOI.jpg)	=) thanks!  newlinechar  newlinechar 
Okay, if anyone can think of something funny/relevant I'll put it up, otherwise I'll just default it to 'readers'.	This would make a fun contest, newlinechar  newlinechar 'Most arbitrary internet points rename the subscriber base!' newlinechar  newlinechar Or something like that...
A lot of band's biggest hits are the songs that the band themselves hate the most. I think the most famous instance of this is Smells Like Teen Spirit.	Sweet Child O'Mine was just Axl Rose who heard Slash practicing, and got all excited and decided they needed to make a song on it, IIRC.
http://i.imgur.com/q1p5y.jpg	[](/ppfear)What is this...?
I've paid about 640 xbl points for packs, and really only cause I had them lying around after deciding not to buy Bastion. newlinechar  newlinechar I wouldn't pay any more on ME3. newlinechar  newlinechar (man, I remember the days when I used to play *other* games.)	Mass Effect has totally spoiled me too. I try to play other games and think 'why can't I post up on this wall?' or 'why isn't this character as interesting as Shepard?' And now there's a game mode that exists as an infinite time sink? FUCK.
Ok I must have missed that new down-syndrome trend this subreddit seemed to be so fond of... What the fuck happened?	[Dolan](http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/dolan).
Dat Depeche Mode. Q1 2013 is starting to get really crowded. Looks good though.	It looks different, which frankly is good to me because I felt that the Metal Gear franchise was feeling kind of stale, even though I loved 4 and peace walker.  I like the new turn that Platinum took towards batshit crazytown.
You get double internet points if you said M String, in your head. 	Oh, *that's* what `$` was supposed to stand for&amp;hellip; newlinechar  newlinechar You've just solved a mystery I've lived under for something like two decades.
Build a wooden tower of hats!	ohmagawd YES
c'mere!	any time!
I only remember him as the shitty mod who closed the bad luck brian AMA.	NEVER FORGET BROTHER/SISTER.
English has three genders as well it's just not reflected in all parts of the language: he, she, it.	I know, I was just referring to the fact that in German every noun has a gender and it is actually a big deal to get them right in order to build sentences. newlinechar  newlinechar In English, only living things are gendered, the rest is just 'it'.
'Can I look at these for a second before I rent them?' newlinechar  newlinechar 'Are you going to cut something with them' newlinechar  newlinechar *looks at bike lock* .... 'no'	This? It's a cyst. Is it noticeable?
Awesome of you to offer bongobill, but I'm trying to hold onto some cash for some upcoming sales here. Thank you though, it's really appreciated. :)	No problem!
I'm not sure about the comics, but in the Avengers movie Loki says something along the lines of  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; The humans are so weak they believe us to be gods. newlinechar 	Then later in the movie he says he is a god before hulk smashes him.
You look a lot like Eliza Coupe. :)	Oh, she's awesome! Thank you :D
Kingdom Come made me care about Superman. I'd definitely recommend it. 	Be interesting if it can actually make me care about Supes, hah. But I'll give it a shot, cheers.
I think the caption says 'This is what happens when a gamer couple wants to cuddle. We seriously played like', and that's all I could read.	'this for a good hour 8D'
Make one! I'd love to see it!	A dress or a baby?
I will never understand people's interest in anal. **YOU POOP FROM THERE GODDAMNIT!**	Not right now
Luffy vs Bellamy is not a fight. It's a beat down.	A sweet sweet beat down that still gives me exhilarating satisfaction to watch.
I'm not sure why you're being down voted, you're making a valid point. 	reddit hates dodge calibers? 
Send an email to Gaben, seriously. They've done so much for such smaller reasons. Who knows, you might get a tour of Valve and tons of free swag, or at the least something TF2 related signed.	I'll try that, thank you!
All of the above.	Ohh, score and double score! Also, I'll be your lube gal, cause sister, you're going to NEEEEED a gallon of it. Trust.
I would name him Tyrion	Half-cat! :)
Imagine people sueing saying its offensive to Canadians when they themselves aren't Canadian 	Yeah hey
I love how his name is Jeremy	Jeremy his name is how I love.
If only OP had provided a picture... that way we could look in windows and find this sick fuck who stole him... and steal him back.	We shall steal from the stealers and rob the theifs! Who is with me?!
Me too, fuck.	Do you have 12 scars because you injected it in 12 different places? Or did the injection sites just like spread from infection?
D: Don't you talk bad about the most kickass logo/jersey combo ever.	Am I missing the joke?
He didn't know it was fake. His reasons for closing it were hypocritical.	He did know it was boring and there was a rule saying just being the subject of a meme wasn't interesting enough. But yeah, let's totally argue about a shitty, boring and fake AMA being removed.
Really good game all around.  We had a lot of people who got an insane lead at some point in the game, and then other people take then down.  Very nicely played.	Yeah man, great game, you and everyone did awesome that game, it was intense. Enjoy those chips and the triple win, you fucker!
As I have aged and I watched the ESPN special about Bartman this past year, I have lost respect for the city and fan base. It was dispicible how they treated him.  newlinechar 	Hey, the city's ok! It's not just made out of Cubs fans. I get really mad about Cubs fans who blame Bartman for losing that game. Doesn't even make sense.
The birds could just sit on their heads, even better.	This idea is genius lol
Why is this significant?	As far as I know, it is the cheapest casting dragon.
His father was a mudder.  newlinechar  newlinechar His father was a mudder?  newlinechar  newlinechar His mother was a mudder.  newlinechar  newlinechar His mother was a mudder? newlinechar  newlinechar What did I just say?	SERENITY NOW newlinechar  newlinechar SERENITY NOW
So motherfucking jealous, that sound like heaven. I'm in charleston south Carolina :((	Myrtle Beach here.  Sucks.
You like and dislike submissions, whereas you upvote and downvote comments.  newlinechar  newlinechar edit: [This comment](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/kkhhd/something_i_noticed_about_reddiquette_and_our/c2kz9kk) can back me up on this.	add [this](http://i.imgur.com/VZnQZ.png) to your evidence bag
Sounds legit. I trust this man.	I find his rabid confidence reassuring.
This conversation is confusing...	http://i.imgur.com/zq3HF.gif
Last year Nunez wore 12, this year it's Eric Chavez. Think this is Chavez. 	That it is.
I keep saying we should get a reddit game going. I'll join.	I'd be up for it. I always keep my laser handy.
Yeah definitely can't have the face of your franchise looking like a scrub.	Chris Paul is pretty. I guess we established that here in /r/nba.
That's in every game though. Hell, that's just the Internet.	True, true. newlinechar  newlinechar Not sure why I'm being downvoted. I really did know several girls who played WoW solely to cyber or use it as a chat room. I never got why people *pay for an MMO subscription* to use it as a chat client.
MMM, hey guy, think i'ma bite you.. yeah, i am. You taste so good. Oh noo, what's wrong? I guess the gay got ya, sorry.	hahaha I read it in his voice and everything.
dood.... he iz.	He was talking about the 'Brazzers' part, ...dood.
Sounds good at first, but my school knows all the easy computer tricks from online and they prevented them too.	It's odd to me that there has always been resistance in the education system to circumvent the free dissemination of information.
Haha, this is the most eloquent way that you could have possibly pulled that thought out of my head.  I'm going to use this from now on.	Thank you, and don't worry about her. Girls that fish have loads of problems.
[Sound logic](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_HQtYHYy2Hpc/TH8EowNPdHI/AAAAAAAABJA/qY5xFfTKDco/s1600/M%26M.png)	Stronger Links will thrive.
Needs more upvotes.  Not because it's clever or obscure, but because it's Ghostbusters damn it!	That would also work as a starwars reference
Don't forget dashing strike	don't forget cyclone strike.
I think it was the crazy people running at me from unexpected places that did it. Even when my character was Batman (who is super B.A. for sure) I still felt like me, and I am tiny, female, and pretty much helpless at most things.	Just use the Detective mode (see through walls).
This is such a horribly done segment. The script, the way its read, the scene cuts, the interviews, dear god do these people know nothing anymore about proper technique	Its like they are trying to make a messy hype report to get popular on youtube. There is more opinion and drama talk from the 'reporter' than who, what, when, where.
that shirt reminds me of the shirt theo asked denise to make him in The Cosby Show because he was too cheap to buy the real thing.  	Yes, haha!  Good call.  I love that episode.
Mmm.. Evicted! is a personal favourite. It awesome because it has some adventure, some fighting, and introduces the show's awesomest character (in my opinion).	Awesome song, too.
His flamboyant 'xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx' is hilarious.	Well how else do you properly punctuate; '...got a new doublet!'
Gold find helps a lot, but yes: mobs do tend to drop more gold in hell compared to NM, etc. newlinechar  newlinechar I find 1000 gold drops from most monsters in Inferno even w/o valor, if its any comparison	With 5 stacks of valor you will frequently see drops of 1500-1700. newlinechar  newlinechar It's a beautiful thing.
Upvote for not getting defensive and being practical. From the comments it's obvious to see people love your shoes and you are getting a ton of requests. 	I get enough work to keep me busy, that's for sure. Overall, I'm doing something I love and getting invaluable experience doing so, what more could I ask for? And upvote for you, for being a pleasant chap and a refreshing conversation.
Man U look like they're a few rough seasons away from being Liverpool.	That was a very painful upvote. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: It's a sad reality that we're no longer part of the top four. And haven't been for some years.
WE SHOULD TOTALLY MAKE AN R/SRSMEETUP SUBREDDIT!	I would love this except do it off of Reddit so the potential for shitlordery crashing the party is diminished. Maybe doing it in IRC or somethin'. 
[Here it is in 1080p](http://i.imgur.com/Y2AkI.png) newlinechar  newlinechar And newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar [Here it is at 3840x1080](http://i.imgur.com/38IiH.png)	Huzzah!
HIS JIMMIES REMAINED UNRUSTLED	I saw the word 'gorilla' and clicked on the comments so I could type the same thing. Fuck.
Will y'all go back to screening vectors for quality? Because, seriously, some bad stuff can be found in the vector club. I understand letting everyone contribute and all that jazz, but I'd say a case of quality over quantity would be nice for this kind of thing. Just a thought.	Wait... but we do. Like, that's all we do. A lot of the old stuff is pretty shitty, but all the new stuff goes through a screening process. Except for stuff like OCs and Original Style, everything else should be top notch or close to it.
they remind me of Monet's water lilies. i love them. :)	That was my inspiration :) Glad you like them!
Watch Season 3's Starvin Marvin In Space and all will be explained, bro	Oh yeah... I saw it. All this time i thought it was marflar. Regardless, I was really just asking how everyone was showing up as marklar when they post. How is that accomplished?
I like it when people are gracious about being corrected and learning something.  Thank *you* for being gracious.	I like it when people point out the positives in interactions. Thank you for being upbeat
Arsene's not too shabby at it either.	Not really, the money we made was from sales we didn't want to have happen... newlinechar While Porto aim to make profits from transfers, Wenger seems more focused on buying prospects and keeping them until they near the end of their prime... but it just hasn't worked out very well,.
That was my favourite part.  No one can fit 100 Mexicans in a car!  That would be racist!	99 to a car is okay, tho!
POKEMON SNAP 2	For the 3DS! Using its gyroscope thingy.
wouldn't know, don't watch it. 	You should. 
A lot of older revolver guys will shoot everything with the distal joint of their trigger finger. I wouldn't know, but it seems to be preferred for a DA revolver.	i use a lot of trigger finger on my j-frame.  it helps.  that's a heavy pull and a short trigger reach though.  
They're employing window workers dumb ass. 	All power to the glaziers!
At the same time, dealers are risking their ass by servicing people's bud habits, so if they need to take their sweet ass time from time to time...well, at least they're getting it!	Your correct on that, but I'm talking about the dealer who is always late by 45 min or more and or doesn't respond to texts frequently hah 
They can do so without providing a direct in-game advantage for those who choose to spend money on the game, for example, the loyalty shop is mainly cosmetics. Expand the loyalty shop, and offer a buyable currency that can be used there, leave auras to loyalty points, THAT would sell.	It's not exclusive benefits, anyone can get the items, it just takes longer without the spins.
the brain is a wonderful and terrifying thing	the brain is a ~~wonderful and~~ terrifying thing newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY
My son is 10 and has recently shown interest in chess.  I could lose a chess game to a chicken on my best days.  What can I do to help him?	Do not take the fun out of it.
As someone living in the Arizona desert dependent on wireless broadband that gets me 2mbs a second download... I hate you.  newlinechar  newlinechar I can only dream of days I can play Modern Warefare AND watch Netflix at the same time. 	Same deal here in Alaska. I don't even begin to want to be able to do that, but a decent, consistent connection would be nice. I'm supposed to get 300kbs/2kbs, but realistically it's 200/1.5..
Because good representation of nerd culture is what I think of when I think of big bang theory.	its why i wont watch it...
I used to wait for responses but then I took an arrow to the knee! newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: totally worth the negative karma	So that's how you can make an arrow-knee joke and get upvotes?  Genius.
Not even Charles Dickens could have said that any more eloquently	could*
This is fucking hilarious did you convince latt about the other part?	What other part? Fuck, I was wasted when I was going off about it on poker, haha.
I only have two, but I shall now add more. Merci	Add some Bob Dylan while you're at it! :)
Yep, Grolsch sometimes pops up in my grocery store: $4.99 for a 4-pack of swingtops *with beer.* Does not get much better than that at homebrew scale.	find a bar that sells Grolsch. make friends with the bartenders. take home the empty bottles. that's what my friends and i did. we have a couple cases of them now. it's amazing. 
Why not Fr?	Serious answer: Because [Francium doesn't exist in bulk quantities](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Francium), thanks to its half-life of roughly twenty-two minutes.
Defiantly?	He knows it's frowned upon, but he chooses to do it anyway. 
thank you, You just reminded me that I had ice cream, have an upvote	thank you, you just reminded me that I had futurama paused, have an upvote
Are you guys fur real?	You couldn't see this coming? It's clawsality. 
The DOJ needs to go down there and shove it's boot up their ass.	If the defiant tone that the Florida Department of State spokesman used doesn't change it will happen. IMHO, that statement alone is enough to put boots on the ground. I think Governor Scott and his goons need to be put in check. 
Yeah we'd be seriously fucked. But shh... aliens totally dont exist. It's entirely logical that in the entire universe life only happened here.	*It's entirely logical that in the entire universe life only happened here.* newlinechar  newlinechar Kinda like: newlinechar  newlinechar The world is flat newlinechar Women determine the sex of the baby newlinechar Witches caused the plague  newlinechar Masturbation leads to blindness newlinechar One chooses to be gay 
I remember the days. newlinechar  newlinechar The microfiche fu was strong with this one.	(Current student) A couple of my friends were freakig out about a paper that needed a microfilm/fiche source and about how to use it, etc. i'm honestly surprised that people don't know how to use them. Most action those machines on campus saw in decades. Sad. 
He said: newlinechar 'Mandatory r/runescape plug'.	Sarcasm. A Language I know and love. Have an up vote sir
Me too. I think of old rangers stars as Sierra, Buchelle, etc	I know.  When I played little league my coach used to yell at me every time I went to bat because I tried to stand like Julio Franco.
* People who already bought the game? newlinechar * People who don't think the game is for them? newlinechar * Console-only gamers? newlinechar  newlinechar I'm sure the list is long enough :)	Don't forget: People who hate fun
I didn't venture off to far but all I saw was ocean	What version of minecraft. I really like this and wanna try
TIL that orange people turn red when they get mad.	No, they turn red when they sleep through the alarm at the tanning salon
anyone have any thoughts on cleaning the dust off the suede/nubuck in a way that doesnt damage it.	If it's just dust/light dirt you should be able to just take a sued brush to them while dry. A nail brush or tooth brush should work too, just brush lightly. They also sell sued cleaner, its like a foam. It works pretty well.
But you can research from home. Fap breaks are way more awkward at the library.	Story of my life, man. Not allowed back into the Toronto public library.
I can peek inside my  Big Green Egg by removing the vent cap. newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/F69nE.jpg newlinechar 	that is a beautiful view newlinechar 
I'll give you that. It did seem a bit excessively violent, even if he was just reacting strongly to something.	Autistic kids can be incredibly strong and ridiculously violent if they get scared, frustrated, or angry. Some of them are nonverbal, and if they can't communicate what's wrong, they lash out rather frighteningly. Good catch, though. Better paranoid than unprepared.
Link?	Here is a link good sir. [Enjoy.](http://todaysweet.com/2012/05/04/estella-warren-treats-magazine-topless-photoshoot-spring-2012-nsfw/) newlinechar  newlinechar (NSFW)
I just have a slight feeling that a 'naked'/'bikini' skin will bring in enough money for Valve to develop Dota3.	as if they can count that far.
Aaaaaaaah such a great feel when your video is linked c:	And a great video it is!
Do you have 12 scars because you injected it in 12 different places? Or did the injection sites just like spread from infection?	I have twelve because the doctors had to make that many incisions to remove the infection from my body. I was on antibiotics for a solid three months. newlinechar  newlinechar I only injected in one spot.
Sweet Child O'Mine was just Axl Rose who heard Slash practicing, and got all excited and decided they needed to make a song on it, IIRC.	Not only that, but Slash was playing a very simple scale exercise.
We just started a downtown bike program. 'Spokies' You take a bike from one part of downtown and return when you get to you destination. 	I loved using that program when I was in Dublin -- They had those things literally everywhere and it's incredibly useful. Glad to see OKC starting it up!
Brilliant!  I browsed through the comments really fast, and quickly noticed 'coal mine' but I scrolled past it too fast, so I ctrl+f and searched coal just so I could give you your well-deserved upvote. newlinechar  newlinechar Good day!	Haha. With much appreciation I award you with an upvote as well.
Chasing torch bugs. Hands down one of my favorite things.	Explain newlinechar 
These do seem like the two most likely possibilities. Personally, my vote is on the latter.	Kony 2012 why not Mars 2023?
If you remove the bar that held the cards, they make great storage drawers for all your cassette tapes.	&gt; cassette tapes. newlinechar  newlinechar What?
As the dude who always does tech support for friends... Unless they're super close friends, they pay in a few beers, or a meal. I don't feel comfortable taking money from friends, but if you have a marketable skill, you market it. 	When my friend's annoying sister in-law asked me to remove a virus from her pc for nothing I told her my standard rates applied and never heard back!
FUCK YEAH.	Tone it down a little. To far.
I know, I was just referring to the fact that in German every noun has a gender and it is actually a big deal to get them right in order to build sentences. newlinechar  newlinechar In English, only living things are gendered, the rest is just 'it'.	I don't think it's living things though. Correct me if I'm wrong, but aren't animals usually neutral? 'Look at that cat, **it** looks angry!'
*Sip* *Sip*	Mmm-hmm.
Libertarians do not believe in wage slavery, seriously you don't get the concept of libertarianism.	Whether they believe in it or not, it exists. Their philosophy allows it and is thus unethical.
But..... You're Asian. 	Well, aren't you observant?
At first I thought you really memorised the layout of these things to build one from scratch. newlinechar  newlinechar Then I though about it. newlinechar  newlinechar Then I lol'd.	the pics are in reverse order
I'm sorry i was going to title it differently, but then i got lazy and just put that. Next time I'll post it differently. 	I already feel bad for ever being negative in r/trees.  Internet high-fives, it's nothing personal at all.
Wait... but we do. Like, that's all we do. A lot of the old stuff is pretty shitty, but all the new stuff goes through a screening process. Except for stuff like OCs and Original Style, everything else should be top notch or close to it.	I haven't been going there very frequently for the past couple of months. How would you classify 'old stuff,' because it could very well be that it's gotten better since I last really used the VC.
We shall steal from the stealers and rob the theifs! Who is with me?!	Aye Aye Capt!  newlinechar  newlinechar Under the cover of night, young Loki shall be saved!
Little extras like this are what really make this show great. 	Yeah i was like... wait wtf is goin on lol. Were there any others in this episode? (S02E03)? Because after this scene, it was hinted by shirley that abed had a busy week... BTW, he was delivering a baby for those that can't make out whats goin on.
Less one drunk person?	'One drunkard fewer'
They've been working on it for at least 4 years, if not more. It may be half-assed in the quality of their work, but not in the quantity of it. 	Half-assed is half-assed.   It doesn't matter which cheek it is.
I feel that 'Cactus Cooler' deserves a place in this debate. 	Fuck yes... Yes yes yes yes!! The only place I've ever been able to ind cactus cooler is Arizona. Do u happen to live there?
I'm intrigued by your name. Are you a hero that uses splooge, or a hero that has conquered splooge?	it's like guitar hero, but you cum on the controller.
You have a great smile :)	:) Hearing that makes me want to smile all the time hahaha!
[I murdered the guy's wife and brother, i would've murdered his 4 year old son too](/spoiler)	Ditto.
PhD? newlinechar  newlinechar Why no PhA?	Jeremy Lin B-ball player?   newlinechar  newlinechar Why not A-ball player?
True, true. newlinechar  newlinechar Not sure why I'm being downvoted. I really did know several girls who played WoW solely to cyber or use it as a chat room. I never got why people *pay for an MMO subscription* to use it as a chat client.	Ah, don't worry about it.  newlinechar  newlinechar But most times it's because people share accounts with their siblings/parents. 
I don't get it	I love how people are downvoting you because you dont get the joke.  I dont get it either, so you arent alone. newlinechar  newlinechar Have a sympathy upvote.
Soo arrived as well!	Hi Andy!
Wasn't the set in Hawaii though? Or am I mistaken?	they filmed on location in Hawaii for 3 or 4 months then they shot the rest of the film on a soundstage on the backlot of Universal Studios in Hollywood.
[OMG](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lp5ekMlQvi4)	[Indeed.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_gst-Ryh3g&amp;feature=fvwp&amp;NR=1)
Don't feel bad; That's why they call it schmoople!	Haha now I'm grinning like an idiot lmao
I would kill to dance with someone your height.  newlinechar edit: by kill, i mean seriously maim or injure any short bastard who got in the way.	So much for that all tall people are friendly and nice myth.. Hahah no but seriously, kick those midgets out of the way. Your tall future dance partner will thank you.. Unless you get arrested en route..
[Oh, I'm sure he learned it.](http://i.imgur.com/bApmw.jpg)	[Here you go.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68r8223y8GQ)
Do not take the fun out of it.	Excellent idea.  Any tips on avoiding taking the fun out of it?
Great,  your giving Christians ideas like that.	thats the second time ive been told that haha its ok, they would have to renounce his existence to make this accurate newlinechar 
Alright, I'm gross and pathetic, we all get it now.	Your McLovin impression is spot-on, I must say.
Really? This whole thing started forever ago and was already done to death, there was really no need to keep it going 20 years later.. 	Ehh, I didn't see it until recently and it feels like it should end with Socially Awkward Penguin.  I was expecting more downvotes than upvotes, though, so I'm pretty surprised.
At the least, this study (and others) confirms that spanking isn't necessarily bad. It may not always be good, but it's an option.  newlinechar  newlinechar I'd reckon good parents will produce good children, whether they spank or not. 	What others?
The decreased the mana costs are on W and R, not Q...  unless you are counting that you'll have more mana from those savings..	Yea because usually after I use his R I am pretty much oom and I have to b which is really annoying in lane
I hope this was Clifford the Big Red Dog. newlinechar I just realized how Clifford's title sounds like he is a communist.	Clifford Bleszinski
well said old boy! My thoughts as well.	[Well said indeed, my friend](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-zVOp5DlQ2MQ/TzO4rBdXZLI/AAAAAAAAAt4/qwC2MHP-xKA/s1600/approval-people-clapping.gif)
Mind explaining exactly how it's so impossible?	It's not. People just can't see themselves doing it so they can't see others having the ability to do it.
For me, that would've been grounds for not getting to participate in the ceremony. Get all the way there and they'd turn you away. Graduation would be so much better if they allowed things like this. newlinechar  newlinechar And: Congratulations, OP!	Stupid rules like this were why highschool was so terrible. College is so much better.
How about [these](http://imgur.com/a/90xfm#0)?	Too many appendages for a bed bug!  I'm going with Snout Mite, family [Bdellidae](http://bugguide.net/node/view/94098/bgpage).  Because look at that shnoz!
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Religion_in_Australia newlinechar  newlinechar '64% of the population claimed at least nominal adherence to the Christian faith, although less than a quarter of those attended church weekly' newlinechar  newlinechar so 16%?	Who is the quarter that do attend church weekly? Are these all old people outside my extended circle of friends/colleges.
as if they can count that far.	Hey, my name means 'your mum' in Swiss German! Bro?!
Lol is he crosseyed or is it just the glare.  If hes seriously that derp good luck teachin him anything more than not hugging too hard	'me hug tooo hard?'
Oh yeah... I saw it. All this time i thought it was marflar. Regardless, I was really just asking how everyone was showing up as marklar when they post. How is that accomplished?	It's programmed into the settings of /r/SouthPark so everyone shows up that way automatically, bro
Hulk, maybe. Hazard, definitely not. 	ya I feel like Hazard decided that since Chelsea won CL they must be the best club in the world
Yup, if he wins it has nothing to do with what the people want.  Must be paid off. But if he loses, its the the vote of the 'people'!   newlinechar  newlinechar  Yup... Reddit Logic.	You can't be oblivious to the fact he was outspent 25 to 1. Can you honestly say that has nothing to do with it? 
How many hours is that, and what equivalent of per hour work?	Between 38 and 40 hours. Industry dependant.
your bf seems too ironic for the sun	How much does a hipster weigh? One instagram!
Yea, I thought the picture was incredible until I read what the protest was about. 	Our city rioted and everyone was ashamed of it.  Nobody called it a protest.
Wow, never heard of that before. Makes some sense too with Walter having never gone to Vietnam and the Dude finally flipping shit about it.	Exactly! see how trippy that notion is to think about? i love finding hidden secret sub-plots within movies like that.
I think you forgot the motto and this: http://store.xkcd.com/reddit/#redditcoatofarmsposter newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: I forgot to say this, the coat of arms should be the watermark newlinechar 	Nopenopenope [Put the flag on it!](https://images.nonexiste.net/popular/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/So-r-vexillology-held-a-competition-to-design-a-flag-for-reddit-This-was-the-winner.png)
All the better, that means fewer people voting based on who they'd most like to have a beer with and more people voting based on policies. 	See 2010: the stupid and the angry come out to vote the most when there is no Presidential election.
What is really fun, is that your username doesn't match your awesomeness. ;)	You are awesome! I was negative in the past, perhaps still am, actually am. But we aren't defined by our titles, right? I hope you are okay and please PM me if you need a friend.
The alt-text seems to imply he was making a mistake. Isn't it more likely he was just trolling?	That's an interesting point. If we assume Black Hat to have a personality that is continuous with that displayed in other comics, he would certainly seem more likely to kill Hitler moments before his suicide *on purpose* than to do it out of ignorance. 
You should. 	but first epic meal time. 
Wrong. 125 million dollar loss last quarter. I also support their ad though, before the white knight downvoters swarm.	I'm going to go buy something there tomorrow just because of you.  I think the last time I was in there was like 1993.  I hope they remember me.
[Idi Amin: world-class cunt](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Idi_Amin).	Well that certainly takes the smile off my face...
Sorry, but I feel when someone who has been acting like an ass realizes that they have been acting like an ass, it is a happy moment because those are the kinds of moments that change people into becoming a better person. 	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Utxb-kzvFZU
Canada has those?	I'm in Alberta, yes we do. 
Pabu. n.n	can't unsee :)
What if they make all the girls a schoolgirl skin. newlinechar Can Riot be richer than Microsoft?	The only way they'd become richer than Microsoft is if they made a schoolgirl Gragas skin.
Can't even finish watching it.	It doesn't get easier to watch, She gets schooled by AC
Yeah don't thank him till you've watched it...	I am now saddened but resolved on my steady forward march as a hardcore monk.
Steam skins	What steam skin would that be exactly? newlinechar EDIT: Never mind Found it out newlinechar 
I'm not sure if you're serious, but I work with many younger people who have never seen this film. But whatevs.	i was kidding. i honestly think spoilers enhance a story, but thats just me.   
You're*	Grammar is too mainstream.
Stop being IN a relationship with your gf and start DATING her again. Be spontaneous. Show up at her place randomly. Don't be boring. Be interesting. Be unpredictable.	For a guy who huffs spraypaint....This seems like a really good idea...Do you get all of your good ideas when you huff spraypaint?
More of her.	Will do!
Interesting, I've never tried maxing W first because being able to farm with AOE is so core to how I play mids (besides champs like LeBonk, Kass, Fizz, etc) because I don't want to be pushed to my tower.	LeBonk... I like that.
I hope not, I want to just say I opened the door. But at the same time not say shit.	Just tell them theres no need to worry because you opened the doors and maybe he wont check cause he'll be busy. Or maybe your totally lucky and the camera can't see you at that angle. Or best case senario you make money off the footage on a porno site..
YES.	Giants are mammoth shepherds... newlinechar 
Yeop.  It'll grow back, but probably not in the exact same shape.	Mine is a hexagon, it's very nice.
Upload a picture.	http://i.imgur.com/dQpfK.png
Haha, please tell me what your degree is?	underwater basket weaving? its in great demand yo.
this is simple and brilliant, i will steal it if you don't mind	It's funny, I've tried to teach adults before using the same techniques that I use for kids. The kids almost always pick it up faster than do the adults. 
I mentioned awhile ago that he wouldn't play for Chelsea and I stand by that. Really don't know what they see in him.	I don't think he was ever intended to be a starter in West London. He didn't cost much and can play when they need him. I think thats what they saw.
Sorry, I was referring to the murder of Thomas Sankara, and the liberalization of Burkina Faso that followed. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm a fan of his, but it pains me to think about him.	Ah I see!  That makes way more sense than how I read your first comment.  Thanks for clarifying.
Probability is a bitch, right.	Due to randomness and all that, it can actually happen like ten times in a row. There's nothing stopping that from happening. It's just extremely unlikely. newlinechar  newlinechar Probability always mindfucks me, and it isn't even considerate enough to lube up first.
Then who do you propose, in the history of man, is the pinnacle of moral authority? 	Humanity as a whole based on reason, ethics, and empathy. It's called thinking for yourself.
Well, pof does have that smashing colour scheme ;-)	I refuse to go back on PoF because of its design. Aesthetically and practically.
It's more like survival of the fittest. If you don't end up completely broken you turn out fine most of the time but it's completely unnecessary. There are plenty of functioning Americans that don't go through such rough upbringings and still end up being successful later on.	Asian don't care about later on. YOU MUST BE SUCESSFUL NAO! Success rate is also higher with asian upbringings.
You are not alone! Launch day collector's edition (with t-shirt!) owner reporting in!  newlinechar  newlinechar I'm stoked. newlinechar  newlinechar Am I crazy, or [was that Alucard at the end of the trailer?](/spoiler)	SQUUEEEEEE! I sure hope so.
reddit hates dodge calibers? 	even dodge hates dodge calibers
Why in Godwin's name would you even think that?	[Just practicing how to argue effectively](http://i.imgur.com/X2xHp.jpg)
It's like the Antique Roadshow, but they actually buy the stuff at the end of it. And when the guys, mainly Chumlee, do/say funny stuff, it makes the show more enjoyable especially for younger audiences over documentaries.	And it's the most popular show on cable right now, so I don't think it's going anywhere. Which is great, because I can't get sick of it. Its one of a handful of shows that I can rewatch.
Right, America wasn't so unimportant as the Brits like to pretend.  newlinechar  newlinechar You know what the second largest city in the British Empire was in 1775? newlinechar  newlinechar Philadelphia.	as a geography nerd taking an urban geography class this semester, i love you.
I don't get it.	Jesus was dead for three days before God used a revive. The dumbass should have used a max revive because he came back as Zombie Jesus rather than anything worth while.
She actually lives in Ajax, Ontario.	She actually lives in Cloud City, Bespin.
Your grandfather's younger years were in a different time period. Why is it reasonable to compare how people did things back then to how people do things now?	My ancestors used to fight sabertooth tigers at her age, this girl is just begging for attention.
I would never want to hack that login, holy shit	you'd be very good if you commented in the jokes about jimmy carr above..
Bows before hoes, man.	I shall now live by this Bow Code
Don't toy with my emotions like that. 	Some more pictures from a similar  post.  http://imgur.com/a/CjsrU
She tweeted about it a few weeks ago. And thanks!	how did I miss it.. thanks to you too D:
Oh, how does it work?	It doesn't work, it's just a stupid rock. But I don't see any tigers around, do you?
Did she name it Lady? &lt;3	I think the dog already had a name, but Sophie may have renamed it. 
since he likes cats so much, i suggest we put him in a cage with a tiger, perhaps of the siberian nature. now *that's* a video i would watch 	Let's see how he likes being dismembered.
Jeegus.	Good enough. 
You are a God upon men.	Haha, you're welcome! :D
Mathmatical! I wonder if there's a way to build a calculator where you type in feet and inches and it tells you how many NES games that is.	It would actually be one of the simplest things to program. already know that an NES is 0.63inches so all you would need to have an input, a place to print the answer and a button to call the calculation.
With the McLovin one, his picture is the 'I', I believe you looked at a pic of McLovin.	Ahhhh I'm such a fool.
It's a cool photo.	and a badass cat.
Wait so Tanya isn't part of a government that opposes gay marriage and supports shipping asylum seekers off to Malaysia?	At least her election slogan wasn't 'stop the boats'.
irritated, yes. when i see stuff like this, i can't help but feel that which i have been slaving over for the last three years is being belittled.	It's still hard work writing papers, but finding sources is a breeze nowadays. It used to be a pain in the ass. They didn't expect any less and there was no control+f. So quit yer bitchin'. 
The Hulk destroyed an asteroid twice the size of Earth with a single fucking punch. He's held up a 50 billion ton mountain and pulled a planet back together with his bare hands. newlinechar  newlinechar Hulk is strongest there is.	Thor lifted the Midgard serpent which is much more than 50 billion tons.
these are all going onto my list of questions. 	I would be careful about challenging their faith. You don't want to force them to decide between their religion and you. Try and persuade them that they can accept you and still be good Christians. If you validate them, they might validate you back. 
&gt;and cheer for Manchester United. newlinechar  newlinechar Slander.	&gt;Heathen newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Cheers for Man U newlinechar  newlinechar Sounds about right.
I noticed this a mear moment after looking at it. For some reason she was 'forced' to write that note to him, but she wanted him to know it was a lie.	Yeah, that's my thinking too. [Clever girl.](http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/222/507/9308509.jpg)
Im so tired of the Black Eyed Peas.  Its rock &amp; roll for people who dont like rock &amp; roll.  Its rap for people who dont like rap.  Its pop for people who dont like pop. -Robert California	[so true](http://imgur.com/1W7zL)
WAW you've been held back then to still be in high school.	lololol 
captain subtle... 	Yes?
As another ginger, I was once ridiculed about my hair by a black guy. I told my dad about it, and he sold him a couple of days later.	Haha glad I randomly clicked this comment area
I wish this would happen to me.	You wish to eat Rainbow Dash?
http://vimeo.com/11175747	The one guy who was just getting started made me tear up a bit. His humility and humble altruism is inspiring.
true, but with the number of similar incidents all around the country in the last 15 days, it seems unlikely that so many mentally unstable people would have the same reaction from taking an obscure class of chemicals	True, but these obscure class of chemicals are often very dangerous for people, to the point where they ask 'Why the fuck don't these people just do cocaine?'
That's isn't ALL radfems though. :/	Like you, I hate generalizations so I don't like to say all radfems are like that but it would be nice if just one spoke up for inclusion of trans women, as loudly as others have spoken against us.
http://gifsoup.com/webroot/animatedgifs/1063867_o.gif	This gif. Not used often enough.
Reading further down the comments, apparently he still owns a controlling interest. I wasn't really following things too closely, and didn't know that. My bad. But if he hadn't kept any of the stock, he would be completely detached from any fluctuations.	I dont think it would be a good idea for the CEO of Facebook to be selling all his stock in one go. 
Ad. newlinechar  newlinechar Block.	PLUS.
What a greeeaaser	I don't get the reference here.
Awesome!  There are 15 Xaropinhos in my save game right now.  Ridiculously, 3 of them play for Fluminense.  Lots of little syrups running around in my game.	I'm guessing pace and acceleration aren't their strongest stats.
Frequently!	Dear god, that must hurt! newlinechar    newlinechar What's so unpleasant about being drunk?' newlinechar 'Ask a glass of water! newlinechar  Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy  newlinechar    newlinechar [Pertinent reference to alcohol and productivity](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/j.2162-6057.1999.tb01036.x/abstract)
Never knew it was posted.  I posted it from my own upload. 	Ignore the 'repost' whiners.
Gonna be a lot of blood pooling in your legs. :(  newlinechar  newlinechar I bought some compression socks from a pharmacy, made computer playing a lot better. 	I work out every other day. Not because I want to be fit, but so I have proper blood flow for extended gaming sessions. I've got this down to a science, good sir.
[relevant](http://graphics8.nytimes.com/images/2006/05/30/dining/31fish.1.600.jpg)	It's the great catatafish
There is already a game called Port Royale.   	Damn and blast. 
reddit always impresses me. I expected many more sexual jokes and comments when I came into -- aww shoot...	HAHAHAHA! I was actually a bit surprised by the seriousness and/or depth of the questions, myself. I've really enjoyed answering them, though. :)
The same reason *non* black religionists stay religious: it's ingrained in their culture and they don't know the first thing about it's history nor do they bother to study the history of something they claim is so detrimental to their whole being.	Word
No it does not. I want you to get Stupid Drunk. Forrest Gump Drunk. Cheers.	Yes sir [Captain Dan!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z2fFDR89UnA)
Disney, bankrupt. Riiiight... What is it, like, 70 bucks to get into Magic Kingdom now?	Maybe for one day, but you never go just one day. 
No.	Why not?
Haha! This is great. I just usually say its fine, and then ask how the weather is down there. 	I did that to. but then this popped in my head :P
....Actually that sounds kinda neat. Completely eliminates the drying off stage of hottubing.  	You sound like a complete stud.
There's a name for it, there's also a subreddit for it too, can't remember, starts with F...	Frisson. 
Despite being terrible, Duke does actually have a football team.  [Source](http://www.goduke.com/SportSelect.dbml?DB_OEM_ID=4200&amp;SPID=1843&amp;SPSID=22666)	Yeah, we (KU) played them a couple years back. Can't say it was as exciting as it would have been on the basketball court.
My old roommate (half black) caught me passed out on the floor of the bathroom more than once. When he told me I had a large cock I believed him.	...Did he..Nevermind..
Would be really cool for doing these maps if they had the feature on vanilla servers also.	They do.. I was playing multiplayer with my friends and I set the default gamemode to adventure.
Oh deer, not a bad pun thread!	Doe-n't encourage this type of behavior. 
Sooooo never?	We'll have to weigh it out, and see what Gaben says.
OK, I'm picturing a travel size bottle of shampoo.... I'm also picturing it just slurrrrping itself up your butt and getting caught. Please let me know that this did not happen. 	&gt;slurrrrping newlinechar  newlinechar ....
[I knew you'd hover this.  I just knew it.](/spoiler)	[DAMN YOU](/spoiler '') newlinechar 
Dibs on calling him Legolas!	xXxXLegolasSniperxXxX420
3/10, would not brave.	What the fuck is circlejerk doing here
Boondock Saints.	People who live in glass houses sink ships.
Holy shit, this did it! Thank you!	The cutscenes are too important to miss. Try to watch them if you can, KotOR's story is my favorite part about it.
One of my favorites that I read on here is going through Skyrim without learning you're the Dovakhiin. Just avoid the main questline like the plague and you never actually learn that you're the dragonborn.  newlinechar  newlinechar 	120 hours into a character only to have the save be corrupted before i could finish main quest or 3 of the guilds
youre telling me man. somebody called me a nazi yesterday.	Git yer pitchforks! newlinechar  newlinechar A Nazzy!
What?	In the butt?
I'm really not even making the point that spanking *is* right or wrong.  I'm really only calling for some intellectual honesty in the discussion. 	I think you're missing the point of the discussion though. This should have nothing to do with the distinction between arbitrary rage-fueled beatings and well-intentioned disciplinary spankings. newlinechar  newlinechar (I am not downvoting you, and I think it's silly that anyone else is.)
You can't put powers like this in the hands of mere mortals. People will use the power for evil. This is going to end poorly.	I'm simply leveling out the playing field vs scripters. 
Life *per se* being important is the issue, as I understand it.  Bacteria and spiders are alive, but we kill them with great eagerness at every opportunity.  Evidently it is not *life* which holds value, but some combination of features which includes life as a part.	Life, *per se*? No, dude, you don't want to use *per se*. What you REALLY intended to do was make a distinction between LIFE and PERSONHOOD. Life is irrefutably present--not 'per se'.
The music fit the trailer perfectly, in a very eerie fashion. Very nice. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: [Here](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ITq0hXCCB0) is a Youtube link for those who need it.	I thought it was cliched to be honest. But you cannot impress everyone i guess.
daaaaaawwwhhhh	[:3](http://i.imgur.com/TnGUU.gif)
We have looked at the evidence and know that you are hurting your children. 	the evidence is inconclusive and entirely subjective.
...s	S^S^S^S^Ss
I've been making shitty Ahri puns since her release. newlinechar  newlinechar S*ahri* about that, but if there's an Ahri pun then I have probably *ahri* made it.	__BlackSheep everyone newlinechar  newlinechar *clap clap clap clap*
there aren't multiple ways to look at EVERYTHING, as you said. For example the only way to answer the question what is 2+2 is by answering with the number 4	What if you're working in base 3?
has he done any pokemon ones? I can only click on the portfolio one, I'm at work and Facebook is blocked so I can't check it out.. what a talented artist, though!	Yes he has, actually! newlinechar He made them for his sister! newlinechar [They're in here somewhere!](http://imgur.com/a/Vo1OA)
as you know, peer reviews include **exhaustive** collection of data and evidence to support these hypotheses...	*He-he. ALL RIGHT.* newlinechar  newlinechar *Giggity Giggty* newlinechar  newlinechar 
a dozen eggs averages under $2 here so yeah. Not really worth it at any price. 	Unless you hard-boil it and make sandwiches with one huge slice per sandwich. That would have to be worth something. 
akijade is an asshole, dont worry about it. newlinechar  newlinechar anyone who gets upset enough to whine about the phrases another person uses probably just has a shit life.	[Can I say it?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZugInjQCPI)
It's not really that uncomfortable. Besides, my other pockets are already full. Pen, keys, knife, lighter, mini flashlight, index card (back left), wallet (back right), any change I may have...	Knife and torch go in my back pockets, rather get them stolen than my wallet.
With my build hordes of enemies simply exploded. The more there were the faster they exploded. newlinechar  newlinechar The small ones still explode, the problem is the blue and yellow ones. They take forever to kill and chances are that I will die.	Frenzy + life on hit + high crit. chance = less deaths. Probably.
Yes. I, personally have done unethical things. I will be a little more specific. I've had my employees deny refunds to pad bottom lines. It hurts. It also doesn't require shredding documents. There would never be any proof of things like this. That's just one example	Can you give us an example of a document that you shredded that was proof of an unethical/shady event/transaction (feel free to be as non specific as possible)
Wait, why is /r/MensRights getting dragged into this?	They have a small problem with linking to threads in /r/feminism, /r/twoxchromosomes, and a few other feminist or women oriented subs. It's by no means the entire /r/mensrights sub, but they definitely have a problem with a subset of their users down-vote brigading and invading threads.
I really don't expect the hero to be anything more than a blue ball with tons of particle effects around it	But in wc3 he/she has a face and knowing Valve I'm sure they will add some voice for him/her. But I kinda wish he/she should have a body just the upper part like the Archon in Starcraft. newlinechar  newlinechar PS: I don't know Wisp's gender.
yeah, lets just wait until one of his opponents does some research into some of the things that are on reddit.  spacedicks, potheads, godless heathens and bronies.  i think his opponent's attack ads people will suffer from some cases of head explodey.	I had to do a define:bronie to figure out what it was. The internet has a place for everyone it seems.
Common sense, bring your passport or a copy of it when you travel!	I'm not going to carry around a copy of my passport every time I leave the house...
Because I want HoN to be completely F2P with no goblin coin shop.	It's not about funding. It's about Gaben being a marketing wizard. Valve won't make a game that's not profitable just because they have steady income from other games. This shop is going to make them a fuckton of money. More than hon will make.
So what's with the fucking ***flying*** car?	That's the *heightened* part you see.
Well she reacts to some remark about the pingpong paddle, pretty sure it's intentional	It is, its a joke that get referenced. 
Yep.  I stopped contacting a 'friend' on the 17th.  After 5 months of me carrying the relationship, I figured it was time for a little experiment.  *okay.jpg* 	and...?
d4 p#uq d15 #03 b 54y1n n h0w u +rn5l+1n newlinechar  newlinechar h43 89he 8hj9 38ht59 *h7683&amp;3# H&amp;(*4br newlinechar  newlinechar 8u98894u98345u83954354!!! newlinechar  newlinechar 75843976589437539824 newlinechar  newlinechar 00101001011010100110010110000	I am not Good Will Hunting. You dick.
That seems kinda silly considering there is less air at higher altitudes. It's less dense.	takes less energy to move things that weigh less (by volume) therefore lower density should make it easier to bend/move
Exactly.  If he's got a drinking problem, by all means, get him some help.  I think he just makes dumb choices though.  	So in other words, he is being a college aged person with a shit ton of money?
[](/raritynews 'We've just received a report:  The array's targeting systems have been disabled.  We think it was Fluttershy.')[](/pinkiefear 'What should we do now?')	[](/spikenervous 'Uh, panic?') newlinechar [](/rdcool 'That's your solution for everything!') newlinechar [](/raritywut 'Isn't that Fluttershys' solution for everything?') newlinechar [](/spikepushy 'Yeah, but that's who were trying to run away from, remember?') newlinechar [](/fluttershh)
betamax	you bastard
I can see some sick 360 ankle grab potential here...	I can also see some sick 360 ankle break potential.
This must be answered	They are penis candies.  Not sure where people get them but they were passed out all over my school last year.
I'm not sure how to read this... were you disgusted/found it hilarious?	Both = inhuman horror howl.
Now why the fuck did you do that?	Uhhhhh, I'm assuming because he wanted Spurs to miss out. newlinechar 
The PC version too.  I remember playing that.  I'm gonna go see if I can find my old disc. [6]	The multiplayer maps for Halo PC were so great.  That one forest one and the big bridge in the canyon with cliffs on the side and banshees.  
awesome!	I thought so, and it's the closest I'll ever get to the top of a mountain!
what is the address to get here?	I believe that's on the side of the Figueroa Hotel in downtown Los Angeles. 
He can probably just go ahead and do it now.	She*
His name is Robert Paulson.	His name is Robert Paulson.
This bot never fails to amaze me	[](/trixiesmug 'THE GREAT AND POWERFUL TRIXIE is always amazing.')
[:3](http://i.imgur.com/TnGUU.gif)	BAAWWWWHhhhhh!
My emotions!	I only answered because I saw your name and I live in Chula Vista. I felt it would be wrong to let you believe a fake spoiler.  newlinechar  newlinechar It hurts because I REALLY liked the imp. You know what they say about characters you like right?
I don't think you're being unreasonable. I've no idea if it will affect your career.  newlinechar  newlinechar Do many people do it? I imagine there'd be a few.	As far as I can tell, the majority of officers will swear by God. That's just the norm. By not doing it, I would offend everyone in the room.
I'm guessing pace and acceleration aren't their strongest stats.	While that would be awesome, the two Xaropinhos on Lyon are pretty quick.  
I see what you did there.	I love rectal puns.
Are you suggesting no human souls go to hell?	Are you *pooping* serious?
I feel sorry for them for being in suspense for all those years.	Twist: He really was retarded and that 4.0 was from community college.
Just use the Detective mode (see through walls).	Somehow, that feels like cheating. Darn me and my preference for doing things the 'right' way. Thanks for the idea though!
But, we already saved him...	[Did we?](http://www.fishsticktheatre.com/TV/Community/S3/3x19/images/Community3x19_0646.jpg)
Man, wouldn't it be cool if some rivers went through caves?	[Karst topography](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karst_topography) is sexy.
No.. He said it's ahair!	I see what you dick hair
I still can't believe it's not butter.	&gt;Butters newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY
Even your bookends are great! ;)	Thanks! That's really nice of you to say. It's pretty cool to finally have them on the shelf. 
Why don't you like Spotify?	Probably for the same reasons as me, Spotify doesn't work in my country.
But she is hot as shit.	Yeah, the actress they got for her is ridiculously foxy.
NOT LAME. MASSAGES ARE NEVER LAME. newlinechar  newlinechar Are you going to be with her at the abortion and drive her home or whatever the fuck?	Yes, of course. Unfortunately, she told me she demands I not be in the room when it would actually be performed, which I don't think is fair, but is her decision. But yes, they require a person there to drive the patient home for safety's sake.
99.9% of novelty accounts need to be purged in lava, but there are a few lovely ones. I came across another nice one last night, he makes songs out of peoples comments and posts them on youtube. I can't seem to find the name right now unfortunately. 	I personally like relevant_rule34, but i havent seen him in a while.
uh.....what?  I would never apologize for telling my dad he's sexy as fuck. newlinechar  newlinechar (I'm a son with a father who's sexy as fuck).	my dads sexy as fuck ama
If you agree to not use colloquial terms, I will as well. newlinechar  newlinechar Agreed?	High fiiive. newlinechar  newlinechar Wait. I confused myself.
Well. That sure was an unexpected climax. newlinechar  newlinechar :D	[*climax...*](http://memeorama.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/I-See-What-You-Did-There-Cat.jpg)
But Michael Jordan is a terrible owner.	But he owns the Bobcats. Look at the success!
Do you remember the title of that thread? I'd like to read it.	http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/srnbe/has_anyone_ever_had_a_girlfriends_father_say_no/  newlinechar  newlinechar I think it could be this one. 
Tommy Faggox?	Tommy Gag-cocks
7H4T5 M. 3P34|_3 2 U 17(|-|	that hurt
its why i wont watch it...	I don't watch it because anything that guy makes is a steaming pile of turds meant for the coveted 8-16 year old crowd..
I grew up saying 'Ernie and Bert' rather than 'Bert and Ernie' and my friends thought I was crazy.  	Bert and Ernie? What is this? Ernie is by far the superior one so therefore, he should be named first. Jeez.
Yeah i was like... wait wtf is goin on lol. Were there any others in this episode? (S02E03)? Because after this scene, it was hinted by shirley that abed had a busy week... BTW, he was delivering a baby for those that can't make out whats goin on.	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tP0ubODOUQ newlinechar  newlinechar All of Abed's background scenes spliced together...enjoy!
[](/reddit) newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Can I say how merry it makes me that the text for this image is 'reddit'? Definitely needed that laugh after browsing that thread.	Can we have a meta where we bust out our most offensive SAWCM jokes?
From my knowledge the ambassador of canada to iran was working for the CIA at the time.	wut newlinechar  newlinechar ~~M. Night Shlsalamandastron~~ William Casey.
This isn't just for a few states, it's a worldwide program, but you have to apply at the [embassy/consulate nearest to you](http://www.mofa.go.jp/about/emb_cons/mofaserv.html).	Right, just wanted to list the states that that embassy was relevant to =)
yea i know people always complain about the 2 reds looking the same, but its easy to tell which is for audio and video	Colorblind here....Those are *actually* the devil. 
I think you're missing the point of the discussion though. This should have nothing to do with the distinction between arbitrary rage-fueled beatings and well-intentioned disciplinary spankings. newlinechar  newlinechar (I am not downvoting you, and I think it's silly that anyone else is.)	Oh, I certainly get what the discussion is...I just find posts like this to be counterproductive when it comes to hashing this sort of thing out.  When a pro-spanking individual is making his case, he's clearly not defending this or anything even remotely like it.
I think it was somewhere in Australia	He looks at a poster of someone surfing and I believe it says Australia on the poster, but I guess he could be hiding anywhere really.
I posted this with my phone. 	Heh sorry wasn't trying to be an internet douche :P
I think this one's the most offensive one I've heard so far. I actually did [this](http://assets2.wordansassets.com/wvc-1333487214/wordansfiles/images/2012/4/3/135449/135449_340.jpg) face.	What is the difference between menstrual blood and sand? You can't gargle with sand. 
Tall, 'gorgeous', Taylor Swift types aren't everybody's cup of tea (personally, I find T-Swift to be weird looking), and I'm sure people will still be interested in you! [Go in there with confidence!](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lp879g7NeN1qk2pk0o1_250.gif)	No but it's the hump in the bell curve. 
Yeah, if they figure out it's a decoy then you're pretty much going to have a bad time.	If you haven't left by the time they've seen the credit cards are expired either you're an idiot or you're being detained and the amount of force you can justify using is getting pretty high up there.
[Why thank you kindly](http://i.imgur.com/FjisB.gif)	[I'm sure that you're welcome friend.](http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m38tr7cHik1qddbvr.gif)
Mine has not and still insists on telling me all the important shit I need to know for the day as soon as I've woken up. This later results in the bitching out of me, due to the fact that I forgot everything I was told while only half awake.	Every day of my teenage life.
My first slot for Pokemon Lab matches is a Wigglytuff that knows grass knot. Swampert starters are rare, but when I get one...oh god, it's satisfying. newlinechar  newlinechar Same thing goes for flamethrower on Forretress. A great recipe for winning by ragequit.	If you're still on pokemon-lab, you should try switching over to pokemon online. Way more people on that one.
I'm Irish and English. Lived in England and spent a lot of time in Ireland over the years. Yes ma'am. 	My friend is the same and she takes a worse Anybody but England line than me!!! newlinechar  newlinechar You know it can work out that it's a RoI England quarter final..
Are these edible?	Of course!
I would be careful about challenging their faith. You don't want to force them to decide between their religion and you. Try and persuade them that they can accept you and still be good Christians. If you validate them, they might validate you back. 	true, i cant attack religion, i have to appeal to their emotions
I'm 31 and every time I math it equals potato.	How do you get that? I carry the crayon and always end up with bandaid.
'Games for Windows' and 'Games for Windows live' are two very different things.	Yeah. I thought Skyrim was Steamworks.
John Carter is a bad movie? I rather like it..o0	My dad and I went to go see it, considering some of the first books he read to me was the Barsoom series. newlinechar  newlinechar We enjoyed it. Sure, it had rough patches, but overall I felt it was a fun movie.
I'm on my phone too and it won't let me see any other pic besides your before! :-( I really want to see! Do you mind posting a link for just the finished look? ^_^	[Here](http://i.imgur.com/mfRuB.jpg) you go. :)
Because I'm generally kind of aghast at how you were brave enough to share pictures of yourself with the world to spread awareness, and there are a bunch of faceless trolls coming out and being mean. 	I sincerely appreciate it.
SEQUEL SPOILER: We are the ones who are actually created to be the weapon of mass destruction. The Xenomorphs were made because we were becoming too powerful and had to be destroyed. 	yes. 
It's where 80% of reddit posts should be transferred to, beginning with 100% of /r/pics.	You mean the pics of dead relatives and mental disorders for karma whoring aren't interesting? newlinechar  newlinechar /sarcasm newlinechar 
Are you buying new or vintage? If vintage, NYC is probably a better bet, but HK has a lower luxury tax rate than NYC. newlinechar  newlinechar Lots of great watch shops on Nathan Rd.	Yup. Hongkong is the way to go, unless you're buying pre-owned. Survey the whole strip of Nathan for the best deal. newlinechar  newlinechar Approx 250-500 less in HKG for a new SUB.
Knife and torch go in my back pockets, rather get them stolen than my wallet.	Knife and light in your back pockets? ...now how is *that* comfortable? Haha newlinechar  newlinechar I check my wallet pocket almost constantly. One of my biggest fears is being picked for my wallet.
The last one I went to, through r/portland, involved alcohol, Rockband, and deep discusson about the space program, WW2 history, musical theory, and the significance of Futurama.  I also found out that Firefly Sweet Tea Vodka is fucking absurdly tasty.	Well shit I just might have to show up to the next one if I'm invited. 
The Typical Chicharito Goal	Shortly after the game ended my friends and I arrived at this very conclusion. I've failed to realize: he always scores these random, miscellaneous goals. 
I think a lot of people would love to see something like this get off the ground, but it is so hard to get tangible assets like money, equipment, and people behind. But I hope someone or group can get this going in 20 years before my window closes.	I'll give money to any group that gives me a well-documented, thoroughly analyzed, and feasible plan to get there.
You'd Jonathan Edwards this shit?	...and she's referencing obscure historical figures. I'm so enamoured with you right now.
&gt;Success rate is also higher with asian upbringings. newlinechar  newlinechar Tell that to all the impoverished Chinese peasants.	And the Chinese food restaurant workers.
The presence of saddles is begging for a controllable mount... newlinechar  newlinechar The dragon egg you get for beating the final boss is currently useless... newlinechar  newlinechar 2 + 2 = __	Steve Targaryen. 
*We summon you!*	It's not working D:
Pretty sure the amazon app only supports mobi. I believe you can use the Windows app Calibre to convert between formats though.	Amazon Kindle supports PDF. It's a fairly new feature. 
What are those golden things above the fortune? They remind me of standard weights 	They're trumpet mouthpieces.
You've inspired me to listen to radiohead.  I'll get back to you whether I'm thankful or disgraced. newlinechar  newlinechar Update: Not bad...not bad.	If you haven't done this yet, listen to their 'mega album': newlinechar  newlinechar http://puddlegum.net/radiohead-01-and-10/ newlinechar  newlinechar The only thing that the article doesn't mention is that you need to set your media player's auto crossfader to 10 seconds for this to work.
god wills it	Honestly, I have no possible clue as to how it was allowed. However, no spawn protection was given to me. But still odd.
In a 40-Watt range? It had better be in a 40-Watt range.	Haha, I always liked that quote, I think Jim Cameron originally wrote 'Kilowatt' or something else, because a 60 watt bulb is more powerful...
Also: just because /r/gaybros celebrates more masculine aspects of LGBTQWXYZ folks doesn't mean that people here should trash others who prefer different ideals, including *stereotypical gayness*. newlinechar  newlinechar Wish I could Upvote this 100 times	Yes oh thank you that is the first thing I though when I saw the post. SO glad that was said. 
Are you sure you were born on a continent? I have reason to believe you were born 150 miles offshore on a piece of flotsam.	Slanderous folly!  I was born in-continent.  Why else would they change my diapers so much?
[sexy party time?](http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ledgty6mTT1qdlkgg.gif)	yessssss :) [cheers!](http://i.imgur.com/sKJb7.jpg)
He's not a very cunning linguist.	I call em' like I see em'
Serves you right, ya rummy bandit!	He could have been shot at, and he shot back, it's just that he didn't miss.
TIL that I do it all wrong. I guess this comes from hearing of this technique, but never having the specifics explained. I stick my right foot in sideways, work the clutch with the heel of my foot, and bump the gas with ball of my foot.	I don't even understand.... you use you *right* foot on BOTH the clutch and the gas? And your other leg is presumably overtop of that on the brake? How the fuck....?
Bash is the default shell on macs, it's what I use. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Oh, it was a Mac user insult.	I say, those Mac users are a rather unsavory sort!
My demon kitty is cute. newlinechar 	No future cat of mine shall be dumb enough to want me around! The plotting keeps it exciting. 
So that's at least 1300 teenagers, still with the possibility of 2600+ from the way it is worded.  I still believe it is a typo because when conducting surveys/studies, all participants must answer all questions lest their entire submission be thrown out.	According to [these guys](http://www.stophitting.com/index.php?mact=News,cntnt01,print,0&amp;cntnt01articleid=22&amp;cntnt01showtemplate=false&amp;cntnt01returnid=51) her conclusions were based on a subset of only 70 participants in a larger study. It hasn't even been published. This is probably a case of media being overly enthusiastic about a meaningless study. 
The stuff being taught in schools right now is old, the textbooks aren't keeping up with current studies.  In 10 years we'll probably be hearing to not eat a month at a time in order to lose optimal fat :)	That's pretty much what I was thinking - this info sounds quite out of date.
Not to be mean, but if you got 100% on the final in 143, but only got a 3.6 then you must have dropped the ball in some other area.	I got an 84% on the midterm and ~90% on the homeworks (if I recall correctly). The curve that quarter was just fucked, on the final especially. 
well if yours is the same pheno as mine then i would say to make sure that you have enough headspace before switching to 12/12  .... i was running out of room fast lol. newlinechar also my plant thrived on supercropping, it made a big difference. newlinechar happy growing!	great advice, thanks!
Hey, thanks for the confidence boost. newlinechar  newlinechar I've heard rumors that this particular endocrinologist has prescribed testosterone to cis-butch-female-identified folks who have no intention of socially transitioning to living as male. That's a good sign, right?	Be careful about getting your hopes up based on rumors. If the endo makes you wait, you'll be disappointed. Hopefully they'll do their job and get you the medicine you need as soon as possible. 
Some people were concerned that games may be ruined by idiots who play solely for the purpose of upping the count on their strange weapons. People stealing last hits from important carries, needlessly chasing, etc.  newlinechar  newlinechar I hope it doesn't turn out that way.	oh... I didn't think about problems like that.  Damn.  That really was a lot easier in a fun-atmosphere game like Tf2.  I really like stranges though.
It got here now, there was just some delay! Thanks again. I've hadn't had gold for some time and I was really missing it. If you need something else Photoshop, I'd be happy to help.	lol. I just hated to think of you doing this without a thank you.
You guys should join my adult team	Down.
What can't you stand about it when not gaming? I have eyefinity and I enjoy it, but when I'm not gaming I always do 'windows key + P' and change it to extend again, I change it to duplicate only when playing games.	I'm slowing setting up eyefinity and was worried about not having an easy way to switch between eyefinity and extended display. I never knew of 'windows key + p', awesome! I'm glad i read this 
you should! A lot of people like guys with a nice confidant smile. If i had a smile as amazing as yours, i'd show it off to the world :)	Noted. Time to awkwardly smile at everyone I see!
I've considered writing a book. Theres actually a lot more to it that I left out. Its been an interesting ride.	in all seriousness would you mind if i wrote this as a short story or something? 
....you can't be serious.  newlinechar 	I am serious, and don't call me Shirley.  newlinechar  newlinechar If the original premise is too ridiculous, then do you have any tips for having sex while menstruating?
Thats...purple. with no hint of blue.	Anytime this argument rises, the color is officially indigo.
Harry Loyd who play Viserys was also in Doctor Who for a few episodes(2 I think).	Season 3 in Human Nature and Family of Blood as Jeremy Baines/Son of Mine
[] (/rdsalute) I try my best. newlinechar  newlinechar P.S. Youre emote messed up homie. newlinechar  newlinechar [] (/rdhappy)	I believe that might be RES glitching again because it shows it complete in the preview so I dont know whats going on there but Merry Birthmas! [](/twibeam)
Pain in the ass? I LOVE sniping pilots on Isla Innocentes. With a GOL and 12x it's pretty easy when they come over that ridge after take off.	I loved sniping pilots on Isla, too. Except by sniping, I mean blowing up with an AT-4...and by pilots, I mean the entire helo crew.
When that happened to me for the first time, I was able to mash escape and quit the game in record time. Fuck wall climbing spiders.	The cave spiders are even worse.
You can't terraform mars, seeing as it doesn't have a magnetosphere.	We can, we just need a really big magnet
Though the WHOIS is public information, I fear posting it here may be in violation of the DOXXING rule.	You can't be serious.  It is public information.
I'm guessing that you are referring to the current season, which is season 1. There has been 7 episodes so far and we are expecting 5 more episodes, making it 12 episodes for season 1. 	In other words, only three more weeks left. The last two episodes are going to shown back to back.
No, you have us, which in some ways is worse than enemies.	The things they do to grammar or spelling mistakes... I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemies.
Shit, i wish i was 12 again, i was too poor to get membership, oh the not going outside that would happen.	Pro tip: there is much less going outside after becoming a member.
Awesome! Make sure to keep us updated if you do! 	Oh I will! It might be a few years down the road, and it will probably be less purple, but I'll definitely show it off to my fellow Redditors :]
Thank you! I actually have that, still figuring it out.	[Here you go](http://i.imgur.com/yiv1B.png) newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 
What are the circumstances in this hypothetical situation where I am faced with this dilemma?  What did they do?	Well wandering into traffic and grabbing pots of scalding liquid are the standard excuses for hitting children so lets go with that. 
Yes, but make sure you eat the tuna 2.5 hours before you squat with whey.	I FUCKING LOVE TUNA, it is the only way to eat veal
In my experience, these kind of things are virtually unavoidable. However, in most cases (including yours) the problem is so minuscule that most people wouldn't even notice it unless you pointed it out to them.	True, just wanted to make sure I wasn't missing something terribly obvious.
Late game it might seem trivial but when you are using a 1/10 of your mana for each W and 1/4 for your E, combos get pretty expensive at low levels. 	Don't even need to combo, just wack em with a W every couple of seconds. You can kill people from 60% with one combo.
[Mila Kunis] (http://new.digestopia.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/Mila-Kunis.jpg)	[Steve Buscemi](http://images1.fanpop.com/images/photos/1500000/Steve-Buscemi-steve-buscemi-1592858-365-500.jpg)
Companies discourage variety even more than smaller tier spreads would. 	No it would get people to stop complaining about MM 'bad teams', 'being too low tier to be helpful' and whatnot pleasing 'everyone'. I never connected it with diversity and randomness.
Shoot. I did. But I also thought I made this up myself. Was this really from there? The things my brain pick up.	I think crack is referring to Loki's analogy of the ant and the boot.
Can you please re-upload them? I'm getting an error 404 when I try to download them :(	Here you go - [Link]( https://docs.google.com/file/d/0Bw-U9PnMqv6-RFhqOENuTEg0SUU/preview?pli=1#)
Pants Prick.	Boners.
buy the bamboe pudge pack and make your hook the size of bamboe's penis	Bamboe pack gives a discount at the enemy fountain.
We aren't even a house. More like a camper van. With a flat tyre. newlinechar 	[This is me, looking at the data](http://image.shutterstock.com/display_pic_with_logo/256714/256714,1292116175,1/stock-vector-scientist-mixing-chemicals-in-a-bold-way-67017892.jpg) newlinechar  newlinechar [This is you, expressing your opinion](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/--ozbXkTLXWY/Tu1d7qMBWDI/AAAAAAAAGp8/VM3Xvys-ITw/s1600/Total_Idiot.jpg)
I wonder if they all blue themselves, or if they help each other out.	Dabba dee Dabba di
Just tell them theres no need to worry because you opened the doors and maybe he wont check cause he'll be busy. Or maybe your totally lucky and the camera can't see you at that angle. Or best case senario you make money off the footage on a porno site..	There's a camera that was right at us. Like couldn't get a more perfect view. If I get a hold of it, maybe I'll upload it &gt;:)
Feelin lit, feeling light, five AM, summer night...	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQMJCOT2wlQ  newlinechar  newlinechar In case you haven't seen this cover
From what I've read yes. /r/keto and /r/cripplingalcoholism don't mix so well. 	Thankyou for the sub reccommendation.
I am only defending it, because it is what I understand. I am honestly trying to understand your point. newlinechar  newlinechar I am not sure what you are talking about when you say honestly stating preferences of voluntarists. Could you explain? newlinechar  newlinechar 	That they favor a private property regime and ethical system. These positions are both social in nature, but noncontractual: break them and face our coercion. The root of voluntaryism is as involuntary as any other system.
This. I'd have failed a paper if I cited anything that came up in a google search. 	There are completely legitimate sources on google. Studies from high profile universities, medical journals, complete books. The only reason you would fail for not using the library search is if you are taking English 100 and your teacher mandated it.
[Reminded me of this clip](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-lGatpSRN0)	Having not seen this, that is what I was going for. But skinnier.
The only way they'd become richer than Microsoft is if they made a schoolgirl Gragas skin.	10/10 WOULD BANG
[Gooood, goooood](http://gifsoup.com/webroot/animatedgifs3/1186332_o.gif)	I read that in Palpatine's voice.
Lakitu is the guy from mario kart games who puts you back on course when you crash	Rainbow road...*shrudder*
A 'normal person' wouldn't seek out advice from others before a confrontation? And I wouldn't say this is a rhetorical question. If she is just secretly hoping he'll read it, then yes, it's passive-aggressive. But I don't think you can assume that. 	There are plenty of places to find advice, both online and off. Yet, she chose Reddit, the website that her SO spends a huge amount of time on and is one of the sources of their problems. That was no coincidence. 
Seconded. Does your frient sale his art? Or would be interested in it?	make that cubed my good sir.
Yeah, I hate all of those 7 year olds on Reddit. So annoying.	No, I meant like twelve year-olds. I don't know about you but I wasn't watching nightly news in any capacity until I had started school.
Shouldn't 'ask your doctor for a referral to a respected nutrition specialist' be the best advice you can give?	You'd think so, right? But the definition of 'respected' usually means, 'agrees with most doctors'. Which is simply fuelling the dietary ignorance problem.
jebus mentions somewhere in the new how all the laws of the old still apply	Save me Jebus!
Microsoft just gives you a huge discount, still not free, got my windows 7 for 20 bucks.	I got mine for free from CCSF using my e-mail address. Like I said just need to know where to look.
You do realize that IPOs exist for the sole purpose of letting primary investors sell their stocks.	I have no idea what IPO stands for, but I really want it to mean Internet Points :O.
My symptoms are long lapses in concentration as well as getting antsy and uncomfortable easily. Severe procrastination. 	If I constantly procrastinate on reddit instead of doing the work I need to get done, does that mean I have ADD?
2 years could mean only 5 hours of actual work.  Yes a painting could take 2 years.	Glad someone said it.
.jpg	You were just trying to help. I understand.
Why are you being downvoted for a rugrats reference ._.	No idea at all
currently co-founder/CEO of a personalized book company!	How about most glamorous plastic jobs? newlinechar  newlinechar Feels like should have another lame boob job joke in here but...nah.
it all started with teh kittens... newlinechar 	go on...
As long as the DM will allow it, yes.	If I'm ever a DM I'm going to encourage shit like this.
&gt;fainted newlinechar  newlinechar better?	*Porygon fainted! You are out of usable pokmon! You blacked out!*
Not in Africa.	[BAM!](http://www.realitystarbuzz.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/NeNe-Leakes-Bam-Gif.gif)
It's still hard work writing papers, but finding sources is a breeze nowadays. It used to be a pain in the ass. They didn't expect any less and there was no control+f. So quit yer bitchin'. 	There was literally less information ten years ago so of course they expected less.
Which is why you can die if you eat too many bananas.  The human body is composed almost entirely out of water.	/r/shittyaskscience is this way, sir.
Well, no. I meant it looks like a dick Picasso would have drawn, but I thank you for continuing the pun.	Ah, yes. It was a fine example of the artistic movement known as Pubism.
is this historically accurate?	nigga, please
[I'm ready for my close-up Mr. Deville.](http://adamtelian.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/bad-fashion-hipster-glasses.jpg?w=500)	DeMille. The line is, 'Alright Mr. DeMille, I'm ready for my close-up.' From the 1950 movie, Sunset Boulevard.
Might actually be worse than that.  newlinechar  newlinechar **AnCapp?** newlinechar  newlinechar **AuGuy**? newlinechar  newlinechar The names are ridiculously similar. newlinechar They were probably made by the same person. 	Delivery is the same too.
Being a 90s Canadian n' all. newlinechar 	i've been a matt good fan for 15 yrs+.i have only heard him play live twice. newlinechar you made my night. newlinechar i think i love you
It be like that sometimes : /	they don't think it be like it is but it do.
Are you implying, bum sex?	Don't call him that 
Pans and pan accessories.	That boy ain't right.
Actually, for the diorama mode, the only changes that would need to be made would probably be to add a boolean or flag or some type of field that prevents the world and other entities from updating. Also, solemn ambience is a must.	&gt; or **flag** or some type of **field** newlinechar  newlinechar I just realised how weird this must look for non-programmers. It sounds more like landscaping than programming.
Drugs man, but they probably acted more as an amplifier for what was already probably bad. Still I can see how it would suck with everybody going around calling your recently dead son a zombie.	The drugs were his choice. He may have been nice to her, but she needs to admit at least that he's a cannibalistic dumbass for setting up that situation.
Sounds like many women here in Utah. It's embarrassing.	Baby Factories looking for successful Baby Batter Vats to take care of Mexican-Level families.
Introversion has to do with being mainly focused on your own mental life.  It doesn't mean you're a hermit.	It means that social situations of any kind make you tired and that you generally try to avoid them whereas extroverts are energized and seek out those types of situations.
Only Korra fans would ever mourn the fact that it's Friday.	[](/whooves) MLP and Doctor Who fans would disagree... And that's just me...  newlinechar 
Damn. We've come a long way.	Yeah, this case is pretty crazy, because Thind was trying to use the 'scientific racism' argument against the Supreme Court (i.e. if Caucasian = white, and Indians = Caucasian, then Indians = white), but they just responded by arguing 'well, you don't LOOK white'.
I have a gun permit for my state and a UT gun permit that's good in 35 other states. I carry a 357 and my real wallet.  	Nice. What's your gun? newlinechar  newlinechar You may find that if you check the reciprocity map, Utah is good for even more states now. :)
Can you get inside me please? 	Your wish is my command
For a second I doubted your authority until I read your fantastic username.  	I didn't even try reading that.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZNzmCKR_Is	[worse](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZqrG1bdGtg)
&gt; Doing 85 - 90 on 215 is really pushing it.  newlinechar  newlinechar for real, most people go 65-70	As someone who spent considerable time commuting by motorcycle on the SLC freeways, I would disagree. Going the speed limit pisses people the fuck off. Fathers driving mini-vans full of their family flipping you off and cursing your life for going 65.
Hashtags = instant ticket to Coolsville.	# #swag #downvote #nokarma4u #idontunderstandhowtwitterworks
I'll fuck you. But fuck me first. [0]	hehe... you said butt fuck [4]
The US one comes with a statue of Alduin chillin out on a word wall.	I know, way to rub it in :(  newlinechar Just checked the Australian game stores and yeah, we don't have the big collectors edition. And our games are still more expensive. 
Thank you for clarifying that (seriously). Pro mens' rights is pro human rights.	Well... it *can* be so long as we don't pull a Feminism later down the road.
You know that game was real, right? It was cancelled, but real.	I'm not sure about that. newlinechar  newlinechar All I do know is that the gameplay and graphics that were featured were from [this game.](http://www.google.com/search?q=predator+concrete+jungle&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;aq=t&amp;rls=org.mozilla:en-US:official&amp;client=firefox-a)
These 'rich people' should be called venture capitalists who gave money to the company when it needed it in return for a portion of the company. Unless I have it wrong there probably wasn't some sort of preferential class conspiracy going on	People are acting like venture capitalists are making money off a risk-free, high reward scenario. VCs take on significant risk when investing into an unproven corporation, like Facebook a few years ago.
ohgodwhy.jpg	The best part is they spent millions on a replacement system, but refuse to use it. 
[This ones a little more subtle. But only a tiny bit.](http://www.reddit.com/r/SRSMathematicians/)	[Less subtle](http://www.reddit.com/r/IntelligentFeminists/)
Yeah five is way too many.	50-cent would disagree.
MOUT exercises usually use cheap training grenades like [this](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M67_grenade#M69_grenade). They don't do anything except make a really loud noise. They also weigh as much as a real grenade, so getting hit in the face with one is like someone throwing a billiard ball at you.	Exactly.
Seriously, this isn't facebook.  I don't give a shit about people I knew in high school getting married or coming out, why the fuck does this shit have to muck up my subreddits	Because if you don't upvote you're homophobic. Yes, it makes no sense.
This is how I would deal with that: newlinechar 'Hi, Autocad reseller, I have on the line &lt;userwithproblem&gt;, going to connect you two so you can figure out what's going on.', connect, hang up.	Ohh the warm transfer...I'm a big fan.
the evidence is inconclusive and entirely subjective.	Have you even looked at it?
What if I told you Portal 2 was not the only game to utilize portals?	WHAT? What other game stole this marvelous idea from Portal 2?
http://amazingdata.com/mediadata56/Image/dog_pasta_animal_fun_weird_interesting_2009080319215710218.jpg	Sauce?
Seems like they took a page or two, or three or more from the Drakes Uncharted series... newlinechar 	Because Uncharted is the most original series that took zero influences from the original Tomb Raider games.
now your complaining to the board of education makes sense :)	It didn't make sense beforehand where the teacher just told him he's going to literally burn forever in a lake of hellfire?
I want to determine if someone has the best advice in the world, what do I do?	you ask a question, you take their advice, reflect on the effect the advice had on your life, and make your decision.
even dodge hates dodge calibers	Every vehicle that uses that chassis seems to get hate: Jeep Compass, Patriot, etc...
Nah... I like the sense of danger clicking a /r/wtf link has.  	I've seen things...bad things.
I've noticed this. I bled out, hit a medigel right as I did, went into spectator mode for 5s, then my medigel kicked in and I was up again. Weird delay but I came back, so I'm cool with that. 	So... how was it on the other side?
Yep, due to his love of getting hammered with Deco and co. Goes to show even literally the most talented of people need to practice.	Ronaldinho showed love for the game though, something that's being lost in the professionalism of the game though newlinechar 
Spoiler alert: The rabbit was the rapist.	Directed by M. Night Shaymalamalamalamalan
The dude in the orange shirt and visor that was there yesterday? (Creeper owl)	Creeper owl? A bunch of us have orange shirts. They don't give us many new colors
You just gave me a great idea for a new subreddit	It already exists /r/ssrss.
Reading articles like this and applying them to my life have helped me self improve a lot throughout the end of my teen years and beginning my 20's. Thanks for posting!	Can you please link the best articles you have read? I would love to read them as well :)
Dammit, Cumdumpling! *I THINK YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL!*	This is the single greatest comment I've read on this site
**I STILL DON'T KNOW WHAT'S HAPPENING WHAT IS THIS OH GOD PLEASE HELP**	It just.. happened.
...wait, horses don't have *heads*? What kind of horses are you looking at?	I think he meant horns.
Stick stickly. 	PO BOX 963!
Oh. My. God. Rhaegar!!! Everyone's saying Tom as Henry V looks perfect as Edmure Tully, and I agree, but I hate that character. newlinechar  newlinechar Rhaegar, though, I could totally see! Thanks for bringing this up. :]	RHAEGAR. OMG. GRRM CAN WE GET THIS ARRANGED PLEASE?? newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: AND WHILE WE'RE AT IT CAN WE GET [THIS LADY](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm1200692/) TO PLAY LYANNA? 
He completed his sentence, so it doesn't really matter any more (as far as jail time).   newlinechar    newlinechar He wasn't let out because of her changing her story, and he won't be put back in for her changing it again.	Ah, I was under the impression they let him out early. newlinechar  newlinechar My mistake.
where did this happen? In my experience, homeschooled kids were allowed to play on public school playgrounds, etc.	Yeah, home schooled kids generally *do* get access to even EC classes at public schools for that matter. They play on teams, go to practice, etc.
Point is, Vince didn't own WCW when it was in business. That's not *his* history. That's not *WWE's* history. I think what I'm talking about is pretty simple to grasp.	Sting is listed as a WWE alumni right?
Considering it involves a character actually guilty of genocide, perhaps not?	So can we say that the batter witch is 'Literally Hitler' then?
[This guy.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terry_Fox)	Thanks. I'm offended now :/
how does that make you feel?	angry
Thanks, piratazephyri, now I'm scared of owls.	They sound like [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YvyXu7coXA) as well.
Thanks! Take a break and have a drink from my cup, while I use your software to design more cups!	that's some internet engineering bro fist right there. I wish I could join your ranks but I'm just a finance undergrad who's clueless most of the time. Dammit. Should have studied engineering.
I would have gone with something more like [this](http://ai2.livememe.com/7vpfjt_9h5x25d.gif)	now that's a hypnotoad gif
[Here you go.](http://fapdu.com/art-delicious)	how appropriate is that title
Some people are more sensitive to the fat globules in milk and can more easily process dairy that is either low fat or has smaller globules, eg goat.	Homogenized milk is completely tiny and uniform globules... that's how that process works. newlinechar  newlinechar Goat milk has *larger* globules, unless it's been homogenized. Just FYI.
The inevitable use of tear gas will only fuel the mosh pit. Riot squads show up, wall of death. I know I'd be game to drive from Ohio to join that fun.	You have riot shields and batons? Please, I'm used to getting smacked around by 270 pound guys in mosh pits all night.
It's funny, I've tried to teach adults before using the same techniques that I use for kids. The kids almost always pick it up faster than do the adults. 	It's because they haven't had time to learn terrible habits.  
Colorblind here....Those are *actually* the devil. 	Colorblind here also. Truth.
Are you able to just create another battle tag for each game?	No, Battletags are bound to your entire battle.net, similar to Real ID
FYI: it was covered by a dead bush and a rusty shopping cart. I think I found the most secluded smoking spot in Long Island. I mean... It's in the middle of no where near no trails within some dense ass woods.	What did you find inside?
nope just a morrowind elitist being a morrowind elitist 	I never played Morrowind, is it any good? 
I am serious, and don't call me Shirley.  newlinechar  newlinechar If the original premise is too ridiculous, then do you have any tips for having sex while menstruating?	You're out of luck, unfortunately. As for having sex while on your period - put down a dark-colored towel, have a few damp washcloths ready for cleanup afterwards, and have at it. 
And knowing is half the battle.	G.I. Joe! 
Then yes absolutely. And probably every day after that for weeks.	Way to be a good guy bf! :D
I think it goes further than that. To me it implies that Black Hat showed up in Hitler's bunker and killed Hitler *at the moment Hitler was about to kill himself*, literally accomplishing nothing other than depriving Hitler of the chance to take his own life.	I think it goes further than that. To me it implies that Hitler did not kill himself at all, and was always killed by that guy, so he only just completed history in a twisted sort of way. (so there is no paradox)
The magazine cost is 5.99, plus any charges Paypal has to stack on top. If you want me to post the physical issue that might be a little more.	I'd be willing to pay for one.. Shoot me a pm with any info you can provide.
Wellies!	['If it wisnae for ya wellies...'](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SguYlpm3ffQ)
Bad spelling, sorry. 	No problem, I was just really hoping they said 'looser'. A guy can dream...
I'm pretty sure he is commenting on the AV and HDMI cords actually being installed correctly.  A lot of shows put them wherever or even forget to put them there at all.	Uhh, those are component cables. 
Dexter is on the fucken case.	It really WAS the case in the fifth book: [Dexter is Delicious](http://dexter.wikia.com/wiki/Dexter_is_Delicious).
I like it when people point out the positives in interactions. Thank you for being upbeat	I like to move it move it.
Thanks for ruining my childhood, and all of my hopes and dreams that there was some way to press a combinations of buttons that unlocks the 5th floor door that then leads into some inter-dimensional portal. So yeah. Thanks 	Reality is a bitch eh?
You're kidding, right? Indian programmers are laughable at best.	Right, so they're *perfect* to take all the PHP jobs.
I'M SORRY IT'S NOT MY FAULT THERE'S ONLY SO MUCH I CAN DO.rtf	gtofmlwn.ws    (Get off my lawn, [WordStar](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WordStar))
If he pulls a Punk, I will not be at all surprised because TNA is reading yesterdays papers.	Didn't Joe pull a Punk before Punk that time Scott Hall no-showed for their tag bout?
That's ok, there's an army of lobbyists ready to do all the research for them. /s	I don't know why you added the sarcasm tag. That's pretty much what lobbying is, for better or worse.
Well now I feel stupid, not even sure who that is.	A famous artist. Wikipedia him, he did some pretty badass shit. 
It's fine: he knows the material.	Both sentences are still run on... :P
you mean when they nerfed all of the scaling on support heals and cemented the already growing 0 cs support bottom lane meta?	I don't get how that cemented it. 
IT'S NOT ***FAIR*** newlinechar  newlinechar who're the nihilists here?!	I myself dabbled in pacifism once. 
Platinum. Then I'd sell it. I'd be rich.	gold is actually more expensive.
I thought this news was already out? At least I knew it already, somehow. 	This is indeed, old news.
It's called novelty.	Sexy sexy novelty...
Delivery is the same too.	This shit needs a metric fuckton of downvotes. newlinechar  newlinechar R/atheism, I am disappoint.
Says the guy... Trying to exploit him for karma. _	Does a link to reddit.com earn you karma?  I thought they were on the same level of links to the reddit blog and self-posts.
Go in completely blindly and head to Cherno. newlinechar You'll be fine. 	Uh...relevant name?
Mass-market desks, mass-market chairs, mass-market counters. newlinechar  newlinechar It could be one of a thousand schools.	I came here to ask the same thing. Look like the same science lab desks we had in middle school, and high school, and college. newlinechar  newlinechar Awesome for taking tests if you had one to yourself.
Yeah. How dare they embrace aggressive gameplay instead of sitting in bushes like a bunch of fucking scrubs. 	You mean a bunch fucking shrubs.
I know you're joking, but I think it'd be good to let corporations know that progressive behavior will be treated with money.	I like it, even though that's more of a conservative tradition.
dude seriously?! I can tell someone is overcompensating Mr. 'itouchboobs' 	Good job feeding the troll, brah
Don't they have the contest for if the ID of a Pokemon in your party matches theirs you win a prize at the front desk?	Yup, if you match the ID, you win a masterball. So the PC there is extremely necessary.
A FEW MINUTES? YOU HAVE RETARD BABY.	First thing I laughed out loud at..... newlinechar 
That's how I measure it.  It's convenient and inexpensive.  Thank you Plastic Cup makers! 	The top level should be leveled 'pants-shitting drunk'.
I still don't get it? That looks like it's just raining all day, most days. Why is it only at 5?	It pretty much is sunny all day until mid afternoon. Then it rains and sucks the rest of the day
wat	Stilleto is a kind of knife, or dagger, whicheer you think is cooler
The fuck kind of jeans do you buy?	The real question is, why do her farts sound like fabric rubbing. _
She has other styles, too. I just found this one to be the most fascinating of the ones she's done. [This](http://bitterstarlitemakeup.tumblr.com/) is her tumblr, which has most of her other work on it too. 	She is awesome! 
&gt;'She ruined Bella, I didn't imagine her to be anything like that' newlinechar  newlinechar That's because Bella is essentially a blank slate for the reader to project on to. 	Imma take a random guess and say the cousin does not have dark hair.
any STEM field is good. the people are accepting, as a rule, and no one cares about your gender identity if you're good at what you do.	Sorry, I'm gonna call a citation needed on this one.  I know lots of trans* people who are making it in STEM fields, but it's because they're very strong-willed people who put up with a lot of bullshit. Misogyny runs rampant in the STEM fields, particularly transmisogyny.
And a big spine crawler	and a tumor. oh..
And then we find out Jaqen H'gar is actually Nymeria!	Sometimes, a man is a wolf.
I really, really like this album.	I really, really like your taste in music.
My penis....  I doubt the other 2 are necessary considering how fucking retarded this bitch is already.	You never know. You might knock some sense into her.
According to [these guys](http://www.stophitting.com/index.php?mact=News,cntnt01,print,0&amp;cntnt01articleid=22&amp;cntnt01showtemplate=false&amp;cntnt01returnid=51) her conclusions were based on a subset of only 70 participants in a larger study. It hasn't even been published. This is probably a case of media being overly enthusiastic about a meaningless study. 	stophitting.com?  Not quite as Fair and Balanced as I would have hoped. newlinechar  newlinechar Have you found a link to the study itself?  My googlings have failed.
This will be good. Have they made a track together already that we can hear? I'm interested to hear Kendrick's flow with Coles more mellow flow.	&gt;Have they made a track together already that we can hear? newlinechar  newlinechar [Yes, but it's a video of it being played over speakers.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQDF3NUheZM) The song sounds absolutely incredible though and it's ridiculous that that video is somehow already over a year old.
Meh. I'm fit enough. It's my friends I would like to help out.	Sounds like you need to get your friends into a gym that can accommodate a group workout.
just off the Tongariro crossing highway I think	Yeah, it's the Red Crater vent. Contains active fumaroles.
Heh sorry wasn't trying to be an internet douche :P	Nah it's cool man. 
Still have that list or any recommendations? I'll be staying in the area for about a week later this month.	I wouldn't mind that list too. Going there in a week or so.
4 mums and a dead server.	Holy crap, they've killed someone? They must be stopped before this escalates!
I guess that name is misleading...	No its not it's in biblical numbers like how 7 days = 14 billion years.
As far as I know, it is the cheapest casting dragon.	It's the cheapest dragon by two mana and the only common dragon ever printed.
relax. it's just a picture of a dick.	why not a [cock](http://hunde.annabelle.ch/wp-content/uploads/2010/08/julo.jpg)?
When I cut my hair, it totally clicked in my head. However, a huge difference is that I have hazelish green eyes instead of blue.	So something like [this](http://imgur.com/GQSos)? (Sorry for the bad quality)
Frisson. 	There we go.
...because it's drama that happened in a subreddit. 	Maybe one day someone will make a place that we can discuss things like that. [/r/dramathathappenedinasubreddit](/r/dramathathappenedinasubreddit) or something........
do you want to get married	http://i.imgur.com/R49Kv.png
you were right that the jeep in the article does not have power windows, you're comment is framed to make it sound like all wranglers dont have power windows, which is wrong	Power windows is something you have to pay extra for in that model. I was right.
Here's a picture of that [gash](http://i.imgur.com/m00Vj.jpg) from back before it was a gash. My guess would be that there was a parachute in the hole at the end of the gash, and that the gash was a place for the cords to live.  	You are correct.  The two running out on the conic section to the sides there are the drogue chutes.  The big hole and trench in the middle are the main chutes.
More like a stupid crowd.  Nothing tough about most of the dumbasses in here posting pics of their food, cats, and mosin's. 	Kind of ironic we're talking about /r/guns when /r/Firearms tag is 'Mosins and stuff'
Just print out the picture and tape it on your door silly.	Oh my gosh what a great idea!  Why didn't I think about this? newlinechar  newlinechar Oh wait, I did and I don't have a printer. newlinechar 
It happens.	Man, you've been waiting.
Reddit was created to make money.	I thought it was created to contain reposts and help keep them from spreading too much
and here i was thinking I was the only one who thought this of Collegehumor	Far from it, friend.
you gotta deal. all i need is a second job.	I'd help, but I don't even have a first job.
Wow. I just started a 'reasons not to start a salt water aquarium list' in Google Docs. It isn't a long list, just one entry, but it's quite persuasive.	Links?
A complete eastern grip? That seems like a pretty unnatural way to hit a topspin forehand. Even Federer uses a semi-eastern grip and he hit's pretty flat compared to most pros. 	Hitting a topspin forehand with an eastern grip isn't really that unnatural. newlinechar 
I'm pretty sure most of that book is later additions to itself.  Each book (at least in the old testament) wasn't written all at once.	oddly enough most if not all of the new testament wasn't written until 100 years or more after Jesus died.  But don't worry, I'm sure they remembered everything correctly.
Well, fuck.  newlinechar  newlinechar 	We need to sacrifice two redditors to summon him.
I think it's the bioballs in the reactor that make all the difference.	Is that what you're calling your love life nowadays?
Apparently Einstein didn't want his descendants to be more intelligent than him.	One of his sons was schizophrenic.
I've been waiting for this... I appreciate it brother :)	Sure glad to use my knowledge to help others out.
otherwise Terry 'Office Linebacker' Tate will come get you http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzToNo7A-94	I was going to post this one first : http://i.imgur.com/bvMel.jpg  but didn't know if people would get what I was talking about let alone the terry tate reference
Not sure. Last time I checked, people were saying he was too poppy or mainstream or something. But in my opinion, he's brilliant. newlinechar 	I agree, he has an amazing talent.
That's one of the problems with sites such as wikipedia, marginal subjects sometimes have no independent verification.	True, but what I mean isn't that I doubt that those things happened - I'm sure they did. What I mean is that I suspect they were done by radfem assholes, not by transgender protesters. They're a little TOO much, you know?
Wow, I didn't think there was a narration version you could watch easily these days, unless you wanted to watch that version.	I think the last few releases of Blade Runner included all of the different cuts (the count is at, what, like 4 now?). So I guess you could watch the Theatrical edition if you really wanted to.
What's the typical age group for this? Are non-students allowed?	The typical age group is 17 to 23 years old. Non-students are welcome, we say students a lot because our main focus as an organization is to get students motivated about science and technology. However, we love people of all types!
i have such a food boner now...	I was gonna respond to this comment....brb bong rip
Was he an awkward highschool hipster boy that was interested in a girl that was way out of his league, but made it work somehow and also he had a confident best friend?	This is also not John Cusack.
I haven't been going there very frequently for the past couple of months. How would you classify 'old stuff,' because it could very well be that it's gotten better since I last really used the VC.	Well everything started changing with the indoctrination of the new admins (aka me) in... I think April. Thats when we started screening.
Can't believe I'm the first one here to say this: newlinechar  newlinechar Dat. Ass. 	Dem shoes. 
Thank you. There are so many days I just want to bomb the place.	This, my friends, is how one gets on a government watch list.
Those dragons came from petrified eggs.  What is dead may never die. 	What is dead *can* be sunk to the bottom of the ocean for eternity though.  They just don't use that as their house motto cause it doesn't flow as well.
which was the top comment on the 2nd one...	Yea. It is the old 'Haha I was just there! I was a part of that' effect that causes people to upvote this stuff not once, not twice, but three times. 
Now this is a story all about how, newlinechar  newlinechar Our campaign was turned inside-out. newlinechar  newlinechar 	that happens whenever the pc's are given free reign for more than a quarter of a second. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: actually whenever the pc's are allowed to do anything ever.
This was like... the first popular tip on stonerprotips. (posted by someone else)	yep, y'all forgot
OI! STOP STEALING MY LINES FUCKER!	Boy, that escalated quickly.
We're the new ruling elite. One book on jQuery and you too could be one of us.	One book on jquery does NOT make you a software engineer :| no matter how many 'software engineers' call themselves that because they can copy paste javascript.
...or 6 newlinechar 	... or 9
Oh, Florida.	Ocala especially though.
Well I know the son of the best friend of the OP's father's brother's uncle, and I can testify that yes, he is indeed sexy as fuck.	wouldn't his father's brother's uncle also just be his father's uncle?
^	I think that means you upvoted me, so I did the same for you.
Based off of all that evidence you have of previous social networking giants... Right?	Friendster,xanga and bebo as well as many more. You have to remember facebook isn't the first of it's kind there were a few that were huge (relative to their time period) a while ago.
So...Mero and Furuya's mom is a zombie?	Seems like it. This show continues to surprise me. I guess it makes sense though, how Furuya's dad is really accepting of it, and why his grandpa knows about making the zombie potion and all.
[](/ajsly)Equestrian cider will make the miles fly.	Apple beer.  And I'm talkin' beer with apple in. Yum.
Not even a hint, or some general idea of how to make it a bit more likely? newlinechar  newlinechar I've been playing since 2009 and haven't hit one yet.	2005 and not so much as a consolation ribbon. Get in line, buddy..
Give me enough C4 and two months and I'll make the Grand Canyon Mk.2	Methinks you're not accounting for the debris removal.
It will be so.	TrollingThunder will surely deliver.
Herpes and drug addiction.	Hpv and bath salts
solo cups don't have those lines anymore. They're actually square on the bottom.	it's a 50/50 shot depending on what party you're at
Heh, I'd never fault a man for driving a Dodge! I posted a pic in another comment thread earlier, but [here](http://i.imgur.com/9FCHI.jpg) are my two Rams.	The Ram SRT-10 is my dream car! I want an '06 in Inferno Crystal Red and I don't care what transmission is has. Those are sweet rigs. I don't have a picture of mine on my computer, but it's a '98 3500 dually with a 24 valve Cummins. 
Amen brother.  newlinechar I think I trusted him because I had met another 'friendly' supermutant much earlier in the game, or maybe I imagined that, but that was honestly my reason for trusting Fawkes.	You didn't imagine it, you probably met [Uncle Leo](http://fallout.wikia.com/wiki/Uncle_Leo).
I will also buy one.	With an upvote?
Yep	It seemed that way, but I bet you Cenk will wake up tomorrow believing all the same crap he believed yesterday. newlinechar  newlinechar I would LOVE to be wrong though. :-)
Fuck you we WON. It was like the scene at the end of the matrix when neo stops the bullets and shit. FUCK YOU ROBOTS	Then. He dies. 
I really like how the Rolling Stones have sax solos on a lot of their songs. Bobby Keys is really good. Also, I'm a fan of Mel Collins when he teamed up with Dire Straits.	Thanks for the input! I've definitely heard those guys before but I will be looking out for that sweet sax during my next listen.
John 3:3 - Jesus replied, Very truly I tell you, no one can see the kingdom of God unless they are born again.'	sucks to be them!
I just read that as 'Good Guy Asian' and wondered why I hadn't heard of this meme before.	Lends you his calculator. Spends 3 hours instructing you in its advanced features.
Dude.... Me too! Edwardsville	[NOW KISS!](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m4769nNCXB1rslw77o2_500.png)  newlinechar  newlinechar Just don't eat his face while you're there.
Since he's probably not too worried about getting the cylinder re-keyed afterwards, the locksmith could use a pick gun and get it off in about 30 seconds. 	That bike lock has a tubular lock.  newlinechar  newlinechar FYI: You can't use a pick gun on a tubular lock. 
Elaborate?	Its a hidden share of the c drive :D, it works with any fixed disks. unfortunately it doesn't work on removable drives :/
I don't want to be rendered unconscious after discussions.	I dont want to only have 4 moves
It's difficult to get that, they're all REALLY busy getting things done for E3. You're going to get an overload of large-scale stuff during E3, hours and hours of it on the livestream.	Oh I realize that, but my inner fan-boy wants MORE NOW, if you know what I mean. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: [My face](http://i.imgur.com/NgkPk.gif) when I saw that username. Big ups my fellow TR bro.
&gt;Remove original tag and have a custom screen printed tag/logo newlinechar  newlinechar Is this legal?	This is a good point, would there be any sort of infringement in the case I removed these labels from the t-shirts? Must find out! I really don't want illegal merchandise.
I'm so glad that I don't have to deal with any more fast cappers, except Scout.	Eh, I always fast cap on doublecross as Gunboat solly. It's almost as fast as demo and you can shoot rockets.
Also heard you like [butts](http://i.imgur.com/syQ1ll.jpg).	The grin and that ass! I think your booty is better than mine :o  newlinechar  newlinechar You're a stud. 
Assuming he stays...	LALALALALA I CAN'T HEAR YOU LALALALA
ba dum, [pshh!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwxNVnPKaPE)	I don't know why I willingly watched that 4 second video even though I knew the outcome...
It would seem that way...Blizz promotes the old Diablo ways of farming this and that yet when we find a decent method of farming that and this...they take it away.	What old Diablo ways? D2 at least was all about the quick and easy farm spots (Pindle, bloody foothills, council, etc).
He was saying Steve Irwin was the one person who actually gave no fucks at all.	He's obviously never heard of Bill Murray.
Yes, me, OddDude55.	*Punches OddDude55 square in the spacehelmet*
A friend of mine left his copy at my house and then moved away, told me to keep it.  newlinechar  newlinechar I thought, 'Rad! Free DVD!' and popped it in. newlinechar  newlinechar That's the one DVD on my shelf I know I will never, ever open again.	juice, juice, juice by you. 
What is the difference between menstrual blood and sand? You can't gargle with sand. 	nope.gif
[I. DON'T. WANT. FOP.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tw_YryVgLOg)	[](/eeyup) Iff'n ya want another mane pomade, I can order it up for ya, have it inna coupl'a weeks.
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR GYRO FOR MONTHS NOW..... I REALLY HOPE THIS IS TRUE...	They came from, behind!
My reaction to the nerf train: http://youtube.com/watch?v=5NylmdC_uEM	[My reaction](http://i.imgur.com/xmjWh.gif)
&gt;Adam Sandler  newlinechar  newlinechar Have you seen *Punch Drunk Love* or *Reign Over Me*? newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Seth Rogen newlinechar  newlinechar Have you seen *50/50*?	Oh god 50/50... that movie. I love it. All of the emotions. Both of them do an incredible job, as does just about everyone involved.
Yeah, I feel really fortunate.  So far I've always been able to login when I wanted to with no problems, and I only had lag spikes happen one time.	I think it's sad that a person feels fortunate to be able to login
honestly, ass splinters are no joke	They are the butt of the joke
And the Chinese food restaurant workers.	Nah those guys are doctors too but they lost a game of scissors-paper-rock so they have to work in a factory. A society made entirely of doctors wouldn't really go too well.
I wasn't making a 'my country is better than your country' joke.  I was being deadpan serious.  newlinechar  newlinechar I think Canadian money is fucking awesome.  Colorful and interesting.   newlinechar  newlinechar Be proud of your currency.. American money is boring. 	You might enjoy [this episode](http://99percentinvisible.org/post/23191508700/episode-54-the-colour-of-money) of the 99% invisible podcast.
Quite possible. Subconsciously he may be prepared for it due to his brain knowing the shift is going to occur somehow. (I have no idea how this would work, I'm just shitting the breeze right now trying to make my thoughts make sense in text)	Yeah, I think we're basically on the same page.
Yea. Fucking can't even count how many times it happened with the Capri demon. Walk in, die, repeat. For hours	I have never had a problem with the capra demon even on my 4th playthrough. Just abuse the stairwell. I had more problems with eagle statues near the first bell.
WHOAH! Hold on a moment. In the GBC port of SMB, it did in fact matter. a score of 300000 would unlock a game mode called You vs. Boo, while 500000 would unlock The Lost Levels	*turns on my GBC*
I pulled up to a bamboo shack, like seven or eight	and yerred to the rickshar ''
That's the ticket, with my car, I'm crawling under greasy dirty mess, with a bike you just lift it to your working height and go to town.	some people have passion for sport cars. greasy and dirty is good for us car motorheads sometimes....its like when the husband finishes on his wife face.
There appears to be something in my throat and eye. Excuse me...	PENIS JOKE GOES HERE
Bc then alcohol is just assumed, naturally.	I hope you spent the time you saved by not spelling out the word 'because' wisely.
A hot chick with a surfboard that's repping Sector 9 on it...I'm so okay with this.	I won't lie. I am pretty okay with this.
Happy Ending|No Happy Ending| newlinechar :--:|:--: newlinechar Massage Parlour|Massage Clinic| newlinechar Masseuse |Massage Therapist|	Thank you! As a fellow massage therapist it drives me up the wall to be called masseur/masseuse. We try to stay away from the stigma that massages are mainly sexual, but culture and porn do us no favors. :/
yup good thing they didnt provide Offline play, or this would have happened, what last week? lol	The online only play was more to prevent dupes than botting, by taking away the server-side code.  
It's running zig zags, but saying 'serpentine' also implies method. You shouldn't run a predictable zig zag, most importantly. newlinechar  newlinechar *Walk without rhythm and you won't attract the worm*	HEY EVERYONE, I GET THIS REFERENCE.
Til some people are willing to eat meat but have no concept of/get preachy about how it's created.	ohmygod guys!  people who hunt are so cruel!  they should just be like the rest of us and get their meat from the grocery story so you know no animals had to die to get it!
That's a really inspiring story, actually. I too once hope to be happy with a big family..	Don't give up that hope, OP. Of all people, you deserve to have your hopes and dreams come true. So don't stop hoping, don't stop dreaming and do your absolute best to live your life the way your parents would have wanted you to. 
I'm replying to this because I know you'll understand. Do you remember a couple years ago when Ben roethlisberger got hit by a car when he was riding his motorcycle? The lady who hit him was a really good friend of my dad's. Apparently she got death threats after that.	I remember that. Didn't she have to move or something?
YHBT.	other people were taking him seriously and were thinking they'd learned something.  trolling is great until it leads to legitimately misinformed people.  Bananas are serious business.
wouldn't his father's brother's uncle also just be his father's uncle?	Indeed.
I haven't come across one in Inferno, after 30 or so hours yet. So I dunno, either it's a bug or they're very rare.	As far as I know, there's only one and it's in act 4 in the Garden of Hope. It gives you a random shrine, often resulting in an xp shrine.
If you were to put weight on one of the thin places next to one of the holes does it feel like it would snap? I want to put a handle on mine	Adding a handle may add torsional flex, which can fuck with slides and stuff. Just something to think about.
Nah it was only 30k and some empty bags.	Make sure to file a police report, $20k is a lot of money
[](/lunasad) 	it's not that i decided not to talk to her, it's just that she became so popular and now...she has alot of brony friends to talk with her. And besides, No matter how many times i say Hi to her, she's always busy :(
Is there any porn in existence of Hitomi that is not censored? 	No. Unless you can get a copy before the studio edits it.
What do you mean 'the event by definition is historically accurate'?	It's a tautology.  Events can't be historically inaccurate; only descriptions of events can.
''Squats literally saved my life, and bicep curls are literally Hitler' - Ron Paul' - Mark Rippetoe	'For every Biceps curl in the squat rack, we shall kill one cat-eating banshee' - Rippetoe
I didn't mean for it to be offensive, I just thought it was different and wanted to show the source. newlinechar  newlinechar Sorry if you saw it that way. 	Its okay. I'm here for you. 
That with a hi speed camera would do the trick, the other way is photo editing	You can do it with any entry-level SLR (although this picture was most likely taken with something way above entry haha). For instance, my D5000's fastest shutter speed is 1/4000 of a second and it's the second lowest entry level Nikon dSLR.
Joint.  newlinechar  newlinechar (I am terrible at puns. Here, have a [sloth.](http://themetapicture.com/media/funny-gif-sleepy-sloth-cute.gif))	I think the pun thread just went up in smoke.
We should donate to the Clippers so DS can go after a better coach! :)	DS isn't exactly hurting for money. He's just cheap.
S^S^S^S^Ss	^^^^s
Mentally-unstable apocalypse is pretty terrible too, you know	Worse, actually. Mentally unstable people still know how to use guns, unlike zombies.
Indeed.	Indubitably.
We have a lot in common.	What could we have in common? You know what I got for Christmas? Oh, it was a banner fucking year at the old uofmike family. I got a carton of cigarettes. The old man grabbed me and said, Hey, smoke up Mikey.
Guys, don't make me link to Subreddit Drama in /r/SubredditDrama to /r/SubredditDramaDrama. It's just too much work.	I like that this is a thing.
came to say this before i even read the questions. if the OP is interested in Kiedis and hasn't read Scar Tissue yet they should. it would give more info than a brief AMA.	Yeah and that book tells some awesome stories.
yessssss :) [cheers!](http://i.imgur.com/sKJb7.jpg)	You can't toast with an empty bottle of whiskey sir, you really are oblivious. newlinechar 
I was GM'ing the Bruins and I got rid of Marco Sturm ASAP. Then he goes on to lead the league in goals for the Nashville Predators.	that is brutal
This isn't /r/trees.	I thought r/fifa was a fan of bowls and goals. 
If you haven't done this yet, listen to their 'mega album': newlinechar  newlinechar http://puddlegum.net/radiohead-01-and-10/ newlinechar  newlinechar The only thing that the article doesn't mention is that you need to set your media player's auto crossfader to 10 seconds for this to work.	Have you read the first comment? Hilarious.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Lurch	Also [this](http://www.bakersfieldcalifornian.com/local/x339729128/Bakersfield-dad-accused-of-biting-out-sons-eye). Nope. Nope nope nope. PCP is nasty shit. Never ever.
i like the idea of flair, but in no relation to the position you hold in a kitchen. stuff like: Chefs Knive, Whisk, Spoon, Saute Pan, Spatula, Tweezers, Steel, maybe a SHARPIE? &lt;-----found my flair	Tongs?
'I was a die hard atheist, but then these nice Jehovah's Witnesses knocked on my door, and I dunno, they seemed nice.'	Jehovah's Witnesses believe some weird shit.
I spent about 5 years in PHX and fell in love with the stuff. Now when me and the fam go for holidays, I stock up. 	I use to call Tucson my home. I have since become a CaliforniENT.. But I'm hoping to move back to Tucson when I turn 18. When I do I'll drink some CC for you!
With the recent crackdown it's probably best to get a legal z-visa from English teaching institutes (assuming OP got a degree).	the crackdown is only going on in beijing, if he is going to nanjing i dont think he has much to worry about
he cuddles way better than the ex did anyway	I imagine he'd be a really good pillow
The grin and that ass! I think your booty is better than mine :o  newlinechar  newlinechar You're a stud. 	Thank you darlin' :)
Seeing him on Saturday at Red Rocks. Very excited to hear some of his new record. 	Ill be there too homie!
I mean against the likes of quagsire, gastrodon, swampert, etc.	Grass knot is way better on starmie... newlinechar 
Looks like this is what's up: http://www.smmirror.com/articles/News/Police-Surround-Gunman-in-House/34747	Lovely. I live just blocks from there and can't sleep with all the noise from above.... Hope it's a peaceful resolve.  
I would hope that if it was the product of a rape that you wouldn't wait 31 weeks to make the decision to abort. The process of late term abortion is abhorrent. 	No no no, if I were to make that difficult decision, it would be under 8 weeks at the most. That's a decision I hope I will never, ever, ever have to make.
Have a vivi nova that I don't like the taste that the wicks it has adds to my juices.  Need to order some stainless mesh and kanthal.  And sewing needles, maybe?  I need to take a closer look at those atomizer heads now.	Try using stainless steel wires or syringe needles as posts for the resistance wires. 18 gauge should be about right.
A jeep is a type of car.	Is a truck a type of car?
At least it's fundamentally good advice. Much better than 'you should get rid of your cats'.	Oh I've also heard that one lots. Magpie and Sheba are my fur babies. Both rescued. I've gone through too much with them to even consider giving them up! 
But expecting the teenager to become a developer for the sake of a screenshot is asking for much..	I understand. It should be a feature seeing as android and iPhone have it. Hopefully it will come with Windows Phone 8
i said... **[NOW KISS!](http://i.imgur.com/ROqhQ.png)**	Haha, great episode!!!
TIL Bear Gryllis has a kid he doesn't know about.	fuck him, les stroud man. 
I was satisfied just reading about it. Thanks.	another satisfied here, thank you
There's not enough words to express how much I wish this wasn't true. -_-	Wish all you want, sweetheart. It won't change a thing.
i have a BA in poli sci, i worked in DC for 4 years, i claim my rights to be a bitter broken bastard :-/	You poor poor soul. Have my sympathies.
No worries, I was kinda rude anyways	Why are you always such a huge jerkface detailorient????
Yeah: why does Coda 2 suck?	I don't like Coda 2 either but that is no way to get them to do an AMA. I'd rather be nice to them so they do the AMA and then ask them about my disappointments with Coda 2 eloquently so that they might actually respond!
Yea it looks mostly blue in the stadium.	i was there, it looked that way because the ponchos everyone was wearing for the rain were either blue or yellow. However there was more like 80 20 difference between mexican and bosnian fans. Everyones colors were hidden newlinechar  newlinechar 
Ask the 8-ball.	High five!
There's a cat in Canyon? All I ever see are dogs. Or is this cat smarter that I think it is?	He lives outside in the area between Canyon Point, Delta Terrace, and Hedrick/Rieber.  He's pure white.
Actually, it can be swallowed successfully as the Anaconda is much larger than the burmese python in that photo, and the caiman is much smaller than that alligator. After all, the anaconda is the apex predator down in the amazon.	Actually, its the jaguar. My mistake.
I really wish government money was better allocated, so as to make any of these feasible financially. 	Couldn't agree more.
Methinks you're not accounting for the debris removal.	Yeah you'd need more C4 for that.
Have you seen how much 'some wood' costs?	Uhh, what type of wood you talkin?
Old? Nope. I am 29 and my husband will be 35 in a few days. THAT, makes me feel old.	How you doing granny.
Let's get married.	Groovy! I'm up for it!
Then why is it often said that California is the only place you can lane-split legally?  Because a law specifically permits it, rather than having no legal mention of it?	It's also not referenced in California.
BritishEnglishPolice, a mod.	That's selling him short. More like a power user who mods about 100 subreddits.
if I were in town, i'd by you a beer	If you were in town, I would drink it.
yup, my guy was actually a metal smith. And BTW they don't become legendary butchers.	They DO become legendary bonecrafters or leatherworkers. I only know this because I had the same thought (When was this added!?) and looked it up on the wiki.
they could be, if they are caught, yes?	I believe that at some point, the Supreme Court ruled that 'free speech' does not extend to threats of violence.  Can't remember the case, though.  So, yes.
Okay. I wasn't saying romantic love. No one on here has treated me bad so I do love their kindness and who they are. Thank you for just totally ruining my thought and what I was trying to get across.	I wasn't talking about romantic love.  Any kind of love requires familiarity.  Furthermore, declaring that someone isn't alone does not make it true. 
http://codeacademy.com just released three new courses as well. Thanks for the link though. Glad these types of sites are catching on, they're amazing.	Granted, they have a redirection in place, but the website is just codEcademy, not codeAcademy. Sorry for the unnecessary nitpick.
And mensch means a good, honest man; a righteous dude.  Not sure if that's what you meant.	It doesn't really matter what it means; its Yiddish!
The bottle seems more like Cordon Rouge, which is the most likely option as well. newlinechar  newlinechar 75$ though _ What a ripoff. I paid 35EUR last time. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Extra for shipping across the pond.
So can we say that the batter witch is 'Literally Hitler' then?	No, because then kiddies will vandalize the Betty Crocker wikipedia page with nonsense like 'Turns out Betty Crocker is literally hitler.'
They actually cleaned it quite often judging by the photos. 	On the outside, you mean?
I think you're responses are spot on. Ewe seem to have all the funny English stuff figured out, you're SO is very lucky. newlinechar 	:P
there have been so many times when i have been very tempted to try this	Don't get hurt. It's embarrassing. 
We understand, Charlie.	/r/iasip reference. I love it.
Temporarily. They keep using that word. I do not think it means what they think it means. 	I think they are searching for the word indefinitely.
Reddit needs Achievements, because you would have just unlocked 'platinum post'.	That would be sweet. Thanks for the compliment I_RAPE_GRAPES. 
100% Productivity...wait, 0% productivity! :D	1 coal smelts 8.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZlk1SCYmJ0&amp;hd=1&amp;t=0m32s	Holy. Shit. 
Apparently Reddit hates this joke.	Should have went for 'yo dawg, heard u like da front page'
I don't know about this. I mean, if you actually look at Cleveland up close it's not as great as they make it out in all those travel magazines and big network tv shows.	At least you're not Detroit.
Even if it is glitched its one of the few easily fixable bugged quests. Just break into the house, or enter it if you are Thane, go into the butchers chamber and it should trigger. Easy peasy.	Assuming a few specific NPCs are alive. If Tova Shattershield or the elf who works at the stables are dead, you can't do the quest at all.
[No problem](http://i.imgur.com/1EB3v.png) newlinechar  newlinechar I've met him many times over the last few years and he's one of the biggest assholes on RS.	Glad I didn't try to say something to him then.
Everybody loves shortcuts! newlinechar  newlinechar * Windows + D = Show desktop   newlinechar * Windows + P = Projector sharing newlinechar * Ctrl + Shift + Enter while entering a name in the start search thingy runs the application as Administrator	dude... love you for that last one.  
Drop the bass	Wub FFffFFffFF.&gt;FF
Holy shit I forgot how Tasteless sounded back then.  Crazy.	God god. I did not realize that was Tasteless in the beginning.
It should be a picture of Karl Pilkington's head.	Head like a fucking orange. 
I have tagged you 'star child' godspeed you brave brave soul.  	except the star child represents everything that hes fighting against
Sorry, I'm gonna call a citation needed on this one.  I know lots of trans* people who are making it in STEM fields, but it's because they're very strong-willed people who put up with a lot of bullshit. Misogyny runs rampant in the STEM fields, particularly transmisogyny.	nothing but anecdotal evidence, sorry.
Good for Fantasy but honestly with the whole transition hard to give them full props considering they aren't focusing 100% on the game anymore. 	It isn't just this season though.  [He has had only 2 losses since the last OSL finals.](http://www.teamliquid.net/tlpd/korean/players/6_Fantasy/games)
Needs a less editorialized headline imo.	Also one that makes sense - 'enjoying all the benefits of the EU while sharing none of the rewards.' WTF?
If only it could find its way out.	But when it comes back, none will know.
Sig's Enhanced Elite, isn't on California's hand gun roster, you can't get it in CA, unless you single shot exempt them. I can't vouch for anything except for Sig's Tritium sites are really good and hands above the glow in the dark ones used on the sp2022. 	Which 'glow in the dark' sights are you talking about? I have factory tritium SIGLITE night sights on my SP2022; AFAIK they're the same as on any other SIG.
[](/smooze 'There are other generations!?')	Praise Lord Smooze!
If you worry to much about random events that can kill you, the stress will seriously impact your quality and length of life. 	But that's a scary thought, too!
chrome is also free?	firefox is made by bros. chrome is made by the man.
I really regret not getting the Collector's Edition. This is probably the only series that could make me care about that kind of thing. 	We collector buyers also got a cool robo dog in the hanger. Automatically promoted to the most interesting character on that floor.
I have never ever seen a toolbox. and no backpacks since 1.7. :(	my friend had a toolbox, but before we could get anywhere to use it, he got killed off by a random survivor in the woods.
Please do not ever use the phrase karma spawn ever again in the existence of time. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, stop.	I'm imagining a host of eggs filled with upvotes. 
I stopped using chillaxative a while ago because they mess with my bowels. I switched over to Chillenza a while ago.	Weed.
Took about 3 hours. My rendition of the once-CMC in the future.	[](/rraritydaww) I love this so much. 
what's with the 2OOO? why not use 0's?!	You tell me. While you're at it attempt to explain Capitalizing Every Word In Your Sentence or the application of q's in place of g's. The Facebook community confuses the living hell out of me, man.
Kony 2012 why not Mars 2023?	and/or zoidberg
For the love of all that is sweet, sauce please!	The girl on the right is kimmy teen.
It has no beginning and no end. It is the alpha and the omega. It is beyond understanding, it simply is. 	4chan, stop blowing yourself on our thread. 
Would you do it for a Klondike Bar?	Unquestionably.
Moi je dit.. vas-y avec ton compt, qui est-ce qui te parle le plus. Sauf si c'est un libral videmment... Moi c'est QS, un parti jeune qui n'a pas goter  la corruption	Et meme s'ils sont souvrainiste, rien t'empeche de a) t'impliquer et voter a leur assembl b) voter a un eventuel rferendum. Go Oraneg Crush au provincial!!
It's the only one I can google up on a short notice, but one option - it's a resin kit, so quite pricey: http://www.hlj.com/product/MIGMP48-197 newlinechar  newlinechar 	That would be awesome, except for being $77 and out of stock. newlinechar  newlinechar Question:  I've never worked with resin moels, how do they differ from plastic?
@_@. . . .	Hello? You there?
Can you give us an example of a document that you shredded that was proof of an unethical/shady event/transaction (feel free to be as non specific as possible)	No. This isn't Enron. Nor is it Watergate. Mostly things get shredded because of Fraud. It really is that boring
*RiverSIDE	[Motherfucker](http://youtu.be/V775PPuBc7Y)
Yea, the price is expensive. I would pay for myself too, only if I had a credit card.	FYI, credit cards dont work that way.  
NASA is going to free the shit out of some Moon Muslims once we find them. 	moonslims
Splash is super effective against Dark Pokmon! [](/harpdarp)	When i first strted playing pokmon i thought if i used splash enough it would do something cool...
Why not buy with IP? I'm saving up right now.	Pfft saving? Who needs to save IP with a double IP weekend coming up :D
I'm not going to carry around a copy of my passport every time I leave the house...	Photocopy, fold up place in wallet behind credit cards or anything.  At least this gives you enough proof so you can probably talk them into letting you get real copy at home if any trouble arises.
I think he knows how to test students, I mean, he is a teacher and all. 	I've had a lot of teachers who didn't
I never played Morrowind, is it any good? 	Morrowind, Daggerfall, Skyrim, Oblivion, Arena is the order of good to bad. Mind you they are all 'Good' compared to 'non-TES games' but among themselves, these are my rankings.
the pink paws are adorable	Yeah, it's a shame they don't stay that way for very long :( Unless you wash their feet every day or something!
[](/ajsup 'Small world, huh?') Yeah, they are! Would this be the, eh, perpetrator?	na, id just walk or bike by it every day on the way home to hokona. took a pic but never got around to posting it. nice to know were getting a new freshman brony. 
[](/ppboring) For anyone who hasn't already, you must [watch this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISuMxWkgFQw) newlinechar  newlinechar Cyriak is amazing at what he does.	Oh wow, Showtime? I remember when the place to find his stuff was albinoblacksheep. It was crazy enough when he started showing up on comedy central, but showtime is a name I wouldn't have expected.
It actually is correct. 'Less' has been used this way for so long that it's gramatically correct now. Language evolves!	We don't take kindly to your type around these parts. Back in our day, we only fewer, and we liked it.
*Porygon fainted! You are out of usable pokmon! You blacked out!*	Good news is that you don't lose half of your cash!
This had an unexpected, yet totally delightful ending. newlinechar  newlinechar 10/10, would giggle again.	At first i was like 'yeah!' then i was like 'uh huh!' then i was all 'largest, go on, go on!' then i thought 'largest? never find? hrm...' but then i was like 'ok go on.. yeah i like it' and then he was like 'BAM!'
Closed toed shoes and long pants, even when its 95 outside in the spring. I've gotten used to it through more labs in College though.	i guess schools these days cant afford anything cool (aka dangerous) so these ap science classes can't do much cool things :/
Yesss, I am down since last sat didn't work out!	Yay someone I already know will be there! That makes me feel a bit less nervous.
Artosis has said himself that he doesn't usually cast with people who have similar casting styles so I would assume this wouldn't happen.	He has also mentioned how he thinks Apollo is one of the best casters out there right now and would love to cast with him.
I guess the saying 'History repeats itself' just came out of nowhere, and for no reason. newlinechar  newlinechar I suppose I could list examples of exactly how history has repeated itself, but only you can educate yourself.	History doesn't repeat its self. newlinechar  newlinechar The saying your looking for is: newlinechar  newlinechar 'Those that forget history are doomed to repeat it'
nope. eagle scout takes a very long time to complete, and it encompasses many varied standards of specific knowledge. the amount of effort it would take to try and be an 'equivalent eagle' would be stupid. you'd be better off just becoming an eagle scout.	Except that this is forbidden for certain people. If you are gay or an atheist, you cannot get an eagle without lying about being gay or an atheist, by official BSA policy. 
[Here ya go!](http://imgur.com/zdd3X) newlinechar  newlinechar We all look a little creepy.	I guess that's awkward. But also very anticlimactic.
It's a slow and steady process. I don't think it'll happen anytime soon, probably not in our lifetime, but definitely some day. Cancer is a manipulative bitch and really knows how to use your body against you. But yeah, fuck cancer	That always makes we wonder. If we ever cure cancer, is it possible for another disease as deadly or worse than cancer to ever appear?
Well shit I just might have to show up to the next one if I'm invited. 	The sidebar in r/portland lists all the upcoming meetups, as well as our weekly events.  They are open to all.
i want this image but with the caption 'Fuck gravity'	[Here you are :D](http://i.imgur.com/PhxcX.png)
Poor guy lives in California (or at least somewhere on the west coast) if I remember correctly. newlinechar  newlinechar Mic, if you ever come to Oklahoma City I will do all within my power to meet up and take you to a gun range.	I can second this for anywhere in Oregon.
This is the same way you can pop a balloon with a sharp object (eg a pen), but won't puncture the balloon if you applied the same force with a blunter object. 	I think a much more exciting example is that a blunt object will cut you if you apply enough force
You're not very good at this :( 	That's what she said.
Oh yeah that is weird, it doesn't pick up on the other parenthesis being part of the URL. Oh well, everyone seemed to figure it out, anyway. Maybe try a URL shortener if it comes up again. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, Boba Fett does not, in fact, suck.	In the movies he really does, name one thing he does by himself without the help of the empire that doesn't suck... The only possible thing is following Han in the garbage dump and that isn't very cool. And yeah it looks like it they figured it out.
True, I feel the cheese stigma that HongUn got or how people originally didn't take Polt seriously was also because Artosis called it that way. newlinechar  newlinechar Some casters just wield too much authority.	Reminder that HongUn is back in code A next season newlinechar  newlinechar GET HONG'D OR DIE TISMIN'
From an unbiased standpoint, he was also dead fucking wrong. I don't remember the exact stats, but going into that series the Giants had something like 5 guys who were hitting .275 or better lifetime against Lee. 	I'm sure they were in a a sufficiently large sample size, too. newlinechar  newlinechar Side note: lots of people had good numbers against Lee at that point. He was a pretty crappy pitcher the first 6ish years of his career.
why does his face suddenly become WAY darker	Us 'colored' people change colors all the time brah
He's got every right to be offended for people telling lies about him, which is the case here.	Where's the lie again? newlinechar  newlinechar Is the one about working families being bankrupted by the Carbon Tax?  No, not that one?
I'll give it a shot before I say it's bad. Could turn out to revolutionize the desktop.	Give this guy a medal for trying before making judgemental comments.
Why all the work? If there's one thing I've learned from CSI, it's that as soon as you confront the suspect with just a whiff of circumstantial evidence, they'll crack. It's brilliant.	You used 'whiff' and 'crack' in the same sentence.  I smell shenanigans.
'Multiply that number by itself that many times' newlinechar  newlinechar so x^3 is x times x times x. (2x^3 is twice that, *not* 2x times 2x times 2x) newlinechar  newlinechar or 2^4 is  newlinechar 2 x 2 x 2 x2 newlinechar is 16.	my joke was bad newlinechar  newlinechar :(
We should get the community involved... find whatever server they join and sneak in a couple of FAMAS kill and then leave. 	I read somewhere that you have to finish the game using the FAMAS, otherwise the glitch wont happen.
Actually, that's only valid in the UK. Most American bathsalts are something called MDPV. Much more dangerous.	This guy here is correct. It's a research drug called MDPV but sold as 'bath salts' at some headshops to get around legality.
Here is a link good sir. [Enjoy.](http://todaysweet.com/2012/05/04/estella-warren-treats-magazine-topless-photoshoot-spring-2012-nsfw/) newlinechar  newlinechar (NSFW)	'enjoy' was a huge understatement.  Thanks for delivering, bro. 
I used Chrome LS, lock screen theme is LS Nimbus HD, my carrier is the portal zeppelin theme.	Thanks for the info dude. Mind putting up a link to your wallpaper? I dig it.  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: also a search for Chrome LS on Cydia brings up nothing. Alternate source?
Oh yes - what a nostalgia trip - I haven't thought of them for years!  I loved them! There were round red strawberry ones too weren't there?	Yup, several different kinds.  I see they've brought back [these](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/this-britain/customers-in-a-fizz-over-sweetshop-favourite-1674736.html) as well.
[](/shiningarmour 'do a barrelroll!')	With that username and Shining Armor's face the way it is, I would say he looks embarrassed and a bit ashamed. Pretty funny though.
Also the guy he won the ECW title from (Morrison) is no longer in the company.  Smaller point, but it's there.	And lets not forget Jeff Hardy.
Bahaha! We all need to parade past him in short skirts!  newlinechar 	[OH JESUS CHRIST PLEASE LET'S DO THIS!](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m2va9hxo2T1r7x2rio2_500.gif)
damn, came here to do that. 	OMG! the hive mind....it actually works?
Gonna be hard since all of the good vamps are red.	Bloodline Keeper would like a word...
Es.	Odio a Danny Trejo, qued chingn el meme pero yo pensaba que era el dios Eolo o algo as.
Why don't you like African Americans?	Cos he's racist, like most of SRS
I posted them to WTF 2 or 3 times.... nothing 	Don't forget about /r/wtfart
Haha, I was waiting for this comment.	Ever try soy cheese?  It's actually pretty good for pizzas! 
Stain it and class it up one more level	Are you knowledgable in these things? Because I am not. newlinechar Advice on such matters would be greatly appreciated!
I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT TO THINK NOW! DO I WANT TO GO IN OR NOT!?	Well if you don't then it's just more tentacles for me...
That's a remarkably erudite reference by internet standards.	Is it true its the best school in the country?
Yeah republic sucks. The welds are clearly visible and they're heavy. Not only that but because they're so cheap they tend to break down a lot easier. Also risers aren't supposed to go like that. Get some mutha fukin bullhorns	Maybe our mate has freakishly long arms?
Dude thanks	Keep in mind if you let yours get this dirty, it's really hard to clean afterwards.
The Japs shot 'em off in dubya dubya two.	He killed fitty men!
facebook is looking into buying face.com for over 100 million	Facebook really knows how to not negotiate
18 days... Legit, but whadda ya doin' here? It's a long way from /r/tf2	/r/tf2 spillovers are my favorite.
A Lannister always pays in gold.	true, but he's no Lannister, just lackingsaint.
NIGGERS.	They so silly
You only accept apologies when there's a promise of money?  Shameful...	If he put his money where his mouth is, I want it to be more than an empty promise to garner praise. newlinechar  newlinechar I'll donate $500 to your favorite charity if you see the point I'm trying to make.
I thought Dratini's usual color is blue. newlinechar  newlinechar OP, when it came out, did it sparkle?	The RSE sprite was colored slightly differently.
You guys are pure evil. Makes us feel awkward as hell.	I work the nightshift at Jack in the Box and we have done it because its 24hrs on weekends and we get the most drunk assholes ever.
Then cause a traffic jam on a golf course.	Then get out of their carts and walk home, leaving the people behind them stranded.
THIS is funnier than the banana.  newlinechar 	You fucking deserved that upvote man. I laughed so fucking hard
'tenets'. I know, I'm a douche. Otherwise I like the comment.	I just right clicked auto correct without really watching =P
The typical age group is 17 to 23 years old. Non-students are welcome, we say students a lot because our main focus as an organization is to get students motivated about science and technology. However, we love people of all types!	This looks awesome. How come registration only lists students though? Will it be more expensive for non students? 
STOP MAKING ME LOVE HIM MORE	That would be impossible. It never stops. Hiddles love is infinite!
that will have to cost you sir, if you make me laugh I can point you in the right direction	Why are there trees planted on the Ave de Champs-Elysees leading to the Arc de Triomphe? newlinechar  newlinechar So the Germans can march in shade.
Where's who from?	Who the hell are you?
looks like a freakin crackpipe.	Same mechanics.
Exactly. This news is more than 5 years old... It predates Reddit.	Typical for a project of that size.
Yet, you don't see these types of pictures on the front pages anymore. These types of things [still happen*](http://www.vice.com/read/karlos-zurutuza-on-iraq-unfolding-medical-nightmare) but you'd have to really search for them over celebrity gossip, sports, the economy...  newlinechar  newlinechar *NSFW	Those poor kids... :(
Well...that's technically distortion. Hitting the highest bit would cause clipping, which is distortion.	Digital natural distortion?
&gt;intelligent conversations newlinechar  newlinechar Overselling it	Subjective. Move to strike.
Fuck. I like fire too but my name doesn't have pyro in it. Now I have to go laugh at funerals.	Maybe the person whose funeral you're attending died in a fire. 
Sadly, many US professors believe that every member of the group must receive the group grade.	I agree with that philosophy most of the time. In the real world we're gonna have to work with what we have.
Relevant clip, [The Daily Show: Prom Duress](http://www.thedailyshow.com/watch/wed-may-30-2012/prom-duress).	I'm glad I'm not that bitch's son...
I sympathize this sitting character. newlinechar This story is good! I like it! 	I agree. Internet high-five!
That should be your flair text.	I'm new here, explain flair please 
That bike lock has a tubular lock.  newlinechar  newlinechar FYI: You can't use a pick gun on a tubular lock. 	But you can use a tubular pick.  Depending on how old it is, he may be able to use a bic pen.
Hell yeah! Fuck all you fatasses!	Still fatter then the fattest state in 1995. 
I can understand that, but I'm pretty sure the point is the irony of OP agreeing with Red after posting that.	Yes, why are people downvoting this? That's exactly what happened.
What... what?  There's more than 1 person on reddit?  I thought we were all just alts of the same karma whore.	Yes, I totally am not an alt account of Positronix and I agree with his sentiment.
Nothing we ingest as humans is 100% *safe*.	This statement is something many people do not understand.
Just like the movies, we have the undead well and walking in Florida too.	That incident in Miami should be a strong message for people to NOT take Bath Salts.
I think what you are saying is that porcupines don't justify. newlinechar 	Sure. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Wait, I like porcupines! D:
-Tom, Myspace	tom sold myspace to fox or something before it fell apart right?
I always thought it was this: newlinechar  newlinechar Football(Soccer): 'A gentleman's game played by thugs.' newlinechar  newlinechar Rugby: 'A thug's game played by gentlemen.'	Depends on the country I guess. In Australia and New Zealand it's something along the lines of  'Rugby is a game of gentlemen acting like thugs, rugby league is a game of thugs acting like thugs'
It's up to 1.5 million now, so I bet 4 will happen.	1.6 now
God is dead and no one cares newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: It's a song reference guys, come on.  [Heresy - Nine Inch Nails](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrtTeVWVzIE&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player) newlinechar  newlinechar 'God is dead and no one cares.  *If there is a hell, I'll see you there.*'	SO BRAVE
*HIV newlinechar 	i hate to tell you this [but](http://www.pinkbike.com/video/32400/)
Yes, I totally am not an alt account of Positronix and I agree with his sentiment.	I am an entirely different person and ThePhenix's statement is very true, just like Positronix's.
I don't particularly like Worf more than any other character, but sure.  Any Trek movie that feels like the old stuff would be cool with me.	Seriously, at this point any link to the main continuity would be great with me. New series about the dinosaur people in voyager teaming up with amelia earhart? At this point, yes please. 
Better. All the escalators have blocks with question marks suspended above them  that provide free gold coins to us if we jump correctly. 	I fucking knew it.
yessir	Damn, was hoping for Weston, CT
I tagged him as RES guy just to make sure I upvote him every time I see him.	Heh, you'd think he'd fix RES to auto-tag him.
X.X *lies there breathless*	*starts fanning ElAvestruz madly with his tail*
And on your cake day too, for shame!	Maybe it's poopoo cake?
Why are there trees planted on the Ave de Champs-Elysees leading to the Arc de Triomphe? newlinechar  newlinechar So the Germans can march in shade.	Luckily I've stayed at a hotel there.  The trees are there to represent the dead from both wars.  
I'm pretty sure his name is Robert Paulson.	his name is Robert Paulson
VVVVVV was already in Humble Bundle #4. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Yeah, that definitely will not happen. newlinechar  newlinechar What I do think could happen is: one of the frictional games games gets added (Penumbra), it was already in the first bundle ever, but I think it would work out. 
Isn't that what they intended? By reading the latest game update, they said they wanted people to focus on damage mitigation and survivability	They said they want to shift the focus away form survivabilty and more towards dealing damage. 
*Smacks head* Sorry... I just wanted to get the marches out and I worked all day. Next time I shall use that.	Great. It's awesome to know you have a vision for the future of RCW, I look forward to being involved in it!
Digital natural distortion?	no naturally digital distortion. 
Speaking as an AT&amp;T customer: don't get AT&amp;T. They've got terrible coverage out here. newlinechar  newlinechar I hear Verizon's decent, but I can't personally confirm/deny that.	But seriously, do not get AT&amp;T.
I noticed this before the DLC came out on my GI while using the GPS, perhaps it's a charge-weapon glitch?	This is correct.  Any weapon with a chargeable shot (GPS, Graal, Kishock, Krysae) can cause spontaneous de-cloaking.  There is no way that I have found to remedy the situation; so be careful when using the Krysae, you may not always be cloaked.
Ditzy Derpy Doo. It's got a bit of a ring to it. 	Ditzy Derpy Doo   newlinechar Oh how much I enjoy you   newlinechar And your muffin clouds newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: hours later I notice the autocorrect typo... \**sigh*\* Fixed.
No, he'd lick him. 	Not mutually exclusive.
the big lebowski	Thank you, I've always been to scared to ask...
Koxx is a pretty well established trial bike company. [Koxx website](http://www.koxxtrial.com/), should I mention it's SFW?	Walmart sucks, but all of it's products don't....necessarily.....
'This game would be amazing if it wasn't for every single bad thing about it.'	Without it's flaws, it might've been the next Mass Effect. Despite it's many flaws, it was still fun.
I haven't seen either, but I feel like I probably would enjoy that type of movie! However, the way The Last Airbender was butchered by M. Night Shyamalan makes me not want to watch any of his movies ever again:/ If it's really good though I'll try it!	It's one of the best surreal origin super hero movies ever.
Dude, that's not funny. My Grandfather died in the Holocaust. He fell out of the guard tower.	My Grandfather died in 1943 at Auschwitz when another officer fell on him.
***Numans*** are amazing!	....[Newman](http://www.google.com/imgres?num=10&amp;hl=en&amp;gbv=2&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=979&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbnid=h_qJYjz3Trd92M:&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.cracked.com/funny-2651-newman/&amp;docid=owomIqgrwvDu8M&amp;imgurl=http://i989.photobucket.com/albums/af12/BrianAre/newman.jpg&amp;w=318&amp;h=398&amp;ei=RGjIT4O2D-ns2gXLx5zbDQ&amp;zoom=1&amp;iact=hc&amp;vpx=645&amp;vpy=154&amp;dur=2771&amp;hovh=251&amp;hovw=201&amp;tx=125&amp;ty=105&amp;sig=100748369318878882135&amp;sqi=2&amp;page=1&amp;tbnh=129&amp;tbnw=100&amp;start=0&amp;ndsp=52&amp;ved=1t:429,r:3,s:0,i:144)....
Yes, I saw the video, too.	Did you see the part with the sexual innuendoes and the cutesy talk? Governments are just so girly!
hey thanks man,i didn't even know that subreddit existed :D	You're welcome. I love the look of your work. If it is okay to ask, do you have a website where we could purchase your pens?
&gt;In forums, spam often also refers to pointless idiotic comments that add nothing to the conversation. newlinechar  newlinechar So...Reddit?	Everyone on reddit is spamming!
[Global Conflict](http://www.global-conflict.org/) and [21CW](http://21cw.net/) are existing 32v32 tournaments. I think the clans [Tactical Gamer](http://www.tacticalgamer.com/content/) and [Armored Fist](http://armoredfist.net/) duke it out in 32v32 every once in a while as well. 	medic was also pointing this out...  maybe rddt should face tg.  I think'd be fun.  You think it'd be fun to try it out?
[DAMN YOU](/spoiler '') newlinechar 	[penis....... hehehehe!](/spoiler '')
please do not put money in your bosom. Especially in summer.	haha, no that is too gross. money has been in all kinds of places. just chapstick and my phone.
If her friends are bronies, and you are also a brony, why not just go be friends with her too?  That's sort of a big part of what makes us a good community: our policy of love and tolerance, and therefore inclusion.	i tried. but no matter how many times i say hi to her, she either sometimes say hi back or just ignores it, and talks with another brony. 
Should be really easy. you could probably just pick a language and learn how to make a calculator. tons of tutorials do calculators so you could just tweak it to do that.	Good call. Thanks for finding out the exact height of a NES game for me.
If you are not actually going to provide an argument or answer any of the questions I just raised, please do not bother in making a reply. 	Spanking is a violation of the NAP, a very basic part of being an ancap. I'd be glad if a person who supports aggression against children decided to not call him or herself an ancap.
Google Scholar usually provides a few good sources.	Google Scholar is subject to spam, the Matthew Effect and has been known to index SCIgen articles. Not to say it can't provide good sources. Just throwing out some info. 
I know right? Maybe I should become an alcoholic like JCM and drown myself in it from all the shilling....	Many of the best writers have been alcoholics. Hemingway for example. So go with Josh's lead and drink like a fish, destroy all your brain cells, and then spout shit on the Internet. Can't lose!
Yup a 34% increase to the number of rune pages I have would have been awesome.	that would get me .68 rune pages :c newlinechar  newlinechar how would that even work newlinechar  newlinechar 'here you can only use 23 of your rune slots'
In what timzone do you live? GMT+4 or what?	PST - California.  newlinechar  newlinechar It was a joke, implying I wake up later than 2pm. I'm not as funny as I thought... 
[or maybe this?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=VgVJC9eNb-g#t=43s)	My childhood! :D
Maybe they're just feeling hot and cold about the whole affair.	I was going to go on such a massacre but I flip-flopped.
See this is what happens on r/trees... people have a disagreement, but come to a friendly and reasonable conclusion.  r/trees will always be a great place as long as it's full of cool people.	Agree to disagree. Now pass the blunt... lol 
it works fine for me, im just in school and typing this and quick meme works fine	are you sure?
Then that would make sense. Carry on, sir.	By the way, speaking of vectors, I still cant forgive you for rotating through my super awesome HD logo in less than 2 days. That thing was destined for glory!
That sounds rude, and besides, he is having to persuade her to let him go down as it is.	Maybe that's why she hasn't shaved?
So... You have no friends that are girls?	No?
Are you a different artist than when this account started up?  It seems the style has changed or did you just change your technique?	He told in his subreddit that he got better. It's natural, when you are painting so much like him.
I got boat from 'laiva,' I thought, unless i mis-typed something.  And very good point about the poles!  That makes a lot of sense.	I thought your logic was newlinechar  newlinechar * sis = inside newlinechar * vesi = boat newlinechar * risteily = cruise newlinechar * laiva = ship newlinechar  newlinechar But you reached the right conclusion anyway, so maybe it doesn't matter that much. newlinechar  newlinechar edit: typo
haha ive watched that guys videos a thousand times. Shits impressive	As have I, his laugh... fuckin great.
Damn you. This car never made it to Canada. I had to piece together my own from overseas parts &gt;:(	Ah that sucks man. Pretty happy New Zealand ships in loads of Japanese cars :)
No, however I have considered adding the words 'or should I?', but I'm still not sure, I think it's enough on it's own.	You could always use it to confuse people who've read Catcher in the Rye but haven't seen SAC.
[California Dreams](http://x-art.com/videos/california_dreams/)	[Free sauce.](http://xhamster.com/movies/1094711/california_dreams_tiffany.html)
10 x 100,000 = 1 million newlinechar  newlinechar So if 1% per 100,000, 1 million = 10% newlinechar  newlinechar 3.4 million = 34%	I could have sworn that said something different. Fuck it, my fault for being on reddit at 5am.
ya I feel like Hazard decided that since Chelsea won CL they must be the best club in the world	I think it just made him consider Chelsea, and when you look at the playing time that Chelsea can offer compared to the Manchester clubs it makes a lot more sense for a young wing/AM
Yeah it sounds like rain....that's not music!	I think he meant it doesn't sound any different than rain falling on a street.
In Soviet Russia, the shootguns have dogtags on them.	That's the BF3 premium gun camo.
[](/octavia) Everypony, it has been a pleasure to serve with you. 	[](/dj  'Wubs down with the ship')
Oh shit! I love Wil Wheaton! I didn't realize it was him! SHIT!	you really blew it dude. You had the opportunity to say whatever you wanted to him, and you told the guy to 'grow a pair.'  
I'm a fan of Bill. Do you know if he's going to be speaking anywhere, or where he'll be?	He's in Milwaukee tomorrow.
I think that means you upvoted me, so I did the same for you.	I usually upvote someone who comments on one of my comments even if I disagree with what they said, simply because they took the time to comment...and nah i did ^ to mean yeah what this person said.
Go play with your Nintendo now.	on your iTouch...
Not that there is anything wrong with that	It's bad if they produced another Joffrey. 
He could have been shot at, and he shot back, it's just that he didn't miss.	No I'm a bandit, PROUD OF IT.
For you or for him?	Both
do you know what this genre of music is called?	Round dance
C'mon man...everyone knows that the new thing is upgoats 	I prefer updog.
ITT: They changed it, so it sucks.	[Relevant](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/TheyChangedItNowItSucks)
I'm so not racist that I don't even know what race I am. But if I'm white, that would be highly offensive so I reported and upvoted you. Also, can someone buy me reddit gold? I'm a bit short this month.	If you give me your cash money I'll buy reddit gold for you
Yea. It is the old 'Haha I was just there! I was a part of that' effect that causes people to upvote this stuff not once, not twice, but three times. 	I don't know why, but [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKgPY1adc0A) is all I thought when I read your comment.
I hate joo!!!	nowkiss.M-JPEG
If they reprint Nighthawk...Son of a...	I'd just laugh.
[I hate you for making me do this but here you go](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/uazhi/so_my_dog_ate_a_box_of_crayons/)	Don't want to be a dick, but a lot of the defaults like to upvote a lot of shit... newlinechar  newlinechar That time was just a bit more literal than usual...
*'den Audi Wagen' newlinechar  newlinechar 'drive' is a transitive verb and its object requires the accusative case, which is only reflected in its article in this case. newlinechar  newlinechar You're welcome (you'll thank me later).	 I've spoken German fluently for 14 years now. I wanted to quote him directly so it didn't look like I was showing off.
This is precisely what I was going to say. Watch how she treats waiters, bartenders, cab drivers, etc. the way you treat people that you feel are 'below' you reveals a great deal about you as a human being. 	Just feeling that they are below you/inferior to you is a sign to DTMFA. 
[I'll just show myself out.](http://i.imgur.com/oTwTh.gif)	I'm crying here...
But then how will I get high when I have pneumonia :(	Always Nyquil.
Shortly after the game ended my friends and I arrived at this very conclusion. I've failed to realize: he always scores these random, miscellaneous goals. 	The very definition of poacher. 
THERE WERE ONLY A COUPLE FLIPPER BABIES!	I WANT ONE STILL. CAN I BUY LIKE 6 IN CASE A FEW DIE?
I'd say Joe Hart.	He is no Neuer
I dunno, I mean, I'm no expert on women's weightlifting, and generally, the women bodybuilders I have seen kinda give me the heeby-geebys, but that picture did not appear to be the picture of a weight lifter.	I see where you might think that, but she's not a bodybuilder as much as a power lifter.  Just like some of the competitors in the strongest men competitions, she's not cut but she is definitely very strong.  
vivec is fucking huge newlinechar  newlinechar technically oblivion and skyrim are bigger in terms of landmass, but all of the towns are exactly the same and feel much smaller than morrowinds	This. Plus, Morrowind is vastly more populated - the Imperial City, the heart of Tamriel, had what, like 60 citizens?
Well that escalated quickly.	I saw that. Brick killed a guy!
Ah, yes the valve meet at anime north. It was loads of fun and this guy was hilarious!	Wish I could of gone. I was an awesome BLU Scout at Anime Detour. The cosplayers there are not all that good sometimes.
Just because he created his own image doesn't mean it's a good one.  It's like if someone shaved one side of their head and the other side they let grow out, yeah it's going to stand out, but you're still looking like an idiot.	Are you talking about Skrillex?
This shit never gets old.	That's neat. newlinechar  newlinechar Doesn't make eating it any nicer, though.
Not at all. That being said, your NV playthrough will be a lot more rewarding if you've played FO2. NV is full of FO2 references. 	What he said.
I don't know anyone that age who still has much innocence left.	My mom is over 60 and has far beyond that level of innocence. Every time she reads the news she's shocked at how 'awful people are to each other'.
First person to die on Mars.... achievement unlocked?	Eventually someone will have to do it to help mankind progress. Someone were the first to die at sea, someone were the first to die in space.
This isn't an intrinsically religious quote, and it does make sense. It means that while your misfortunes may seem dire, there is someone else who is suffering more. 	Or it means *Score, free shoes - he won't be needing them anyway*
Is your friend Russian?    samovar - noun:  A highly decorated tea urn used in Russia	In Russia tea urn you.
They've been spending most their lives, living in a gay fuck paradise. 	Cause they've been mashin and rasslin so long that even their dads think their mind is gone.
And Gryocopter	Where is gyrocopter? I still can't see him. I must be blind or something D:
No, please keep your dicks to yourself. 	Dear Gaga, keep em inside. No one wants to see any of that.
mid wars is hilarious and is the only kind of HoN I still play	it would be fun if it where balanced
But what if you broke *that* piece?	[waah nay!](http://imgur.com/mhdmM)
the girl in paris with the vegetarian cafe.	She was a fucking idiot!  newlinechar  newlinechar I watched all the episodes of the british version and of all the weirdos and people who had no idea what they were doing, she took the cake. I guess thats what happens when daddy pays for it all...
Photocopy, fold up place in wallet behind credit cards or anything.  At least this gives you enough proof so you can probably talk them into letting you get real copy at home if any trouble arises.	I do a pdf scan downloaded onto my smartphone.   newlinechar  newlinechar I got stopped once in Beijing in 2008 (an Olympic year for headaches) by a cop and invited him round to my place to check my passport.  He declined, giving me a total pussycat warning.
tom sold myspace to fox or something before it fell apart right?	Correct, Tom and the other guy sold MySpace to Fox for about 500 million or so.  Fox sold MySpace in 2011 for like 38 million.
This is like saying 'I'm disappointed with my Timex because it does nothing but tell time. Should I just get a Dell?' newlinechar  newlinechar 	Okay I don't see the issue with what I said.
In the movies he really does, name one thing he does by himself without the help of the empire that doesn't suck... The only possible thing is following Han in the garbage dump and that isn't very cool. And yeah it looks like it they figured it out.	&gt;name one thing he does by himself without the help of the empire that doesn't suck newlinechar  newlinechar You know how in RoJ he falls into the Saarlac pit and dies? newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah... he doesn't die. He escapes. [Twice.](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Boba_Fett#Survival)
Because I don't have enough pockets for a real wallet, decoy wallet, real cellphone, decoy cellphone, backup gun, keys, knife, and flashlight. newlinechar  newlinechar ETA: AND, I will not wear cargo shorts because I am 22 and still have handjobs to get.	I wear cargo shorts and get blowjobs. maybe you should reassess your situation.
Yeah, it's a shame they don't stay that way for very long :( Unless you wash their feet every day or something!	Little puppy shoes!
Singed.  Huehue run around win games.	100% Singed is one of the only champs I play on 3's. Total domination on 3's I have found. I haven't had as good a luck with him on SR though :(
I'll hazard a guess: Iceland, Alaska or Nova Scotia?	MIDNIGHT SUN!
5v5 mid lane only, other lanes will not spawn creeps and the towers are invulnerable. There's options to enable that in DotA original. newlinechar  newlinechar People play -em to get more exp/gold or even -sc for an occasional super creep spawning.	It's chaos and team fighting from the get-go, and while it's easy for the weaker team to fall behind quickly, a mid wars match that stays even is stupidly fun.
Very friendly, not a great speaker though. Every time I would give him an update, he would sincerely thank me. He just seemed like a genuine guy. 	He came from terrible living conditions up till he was in Jr wherr he lived with foster parents. Maybe his social skills aren't 100%. doesn't excuse his poor rebounding
Bought D3 and ended up returning it since i didn't enjoy it. I let the hype get the best of me.	You can return PC games? I honestly didn't know this.
Carb in texas	Florida, here.
50 down 5 up, Got 5-6mb/s pretty stable.	I don't envy you. Nope. 
Haha my current campaign actually starts in the frozen north XD newlinechar  newlinechar And thanks for the tips. Timeline is very important. Beauty is in the details.	indeed it is. if ye would be so kind when you finish making your world would you mind posting it's pertinent stats to this subreddit?
Tanky mages have somewhat usurped bursters lately.  Even AD carry isn't a sacrosanct glass cannon role anymore (Urgot popularity).   newlinechar  newlinechar Changes that encourage actually building damage to get damage are very welcome, imo.	Urgot is no ad carry. newlinechar Hes still a bruiser... newlinechar  newlinechar 
Nopenopenope [Put the flag on it!](https://images.nonexiste.net/popular/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/So-r-vexillology-held-a-competition-to-design-a-flag-for-reddit-This-was-the-winner.png)	If I had photoshop I would superimpose the current design/wording over the flag which would then be utilized as the card/basis.  My program doesn't contain such an option.  But I would love to see that.
Next time someone sneezes I'm going to say 'Godzilla bless you!'	bless me father for I have sneezed, it has been 3 months since my last congestion.
Yup, that was the one. Was it on here?	Yes it was, although I like this one better, more suspense and better detailing.
And its Madrid you stupid fuck.  It's a beautiful city and if you ever have the chance visit Valencia too.	This made me laugh.
Stalin never actually said that	More likely someone said that about Stalin.
Nah man, I'm pretty sure everyone else is weird for not doing it. It's all perspective. I'm normal, everyone else who doesn't think like me is weird. haha	hahaha Why the choice to do it when prestige 16-20 are on their way though? You plan on making it all the way back up before BLOPS II?
How effective are ghillie suits at countering that?	Not at all if the people looking for you are far enough away. Players render before grass does.
Wow, this is a great visual aid. Thank you!	Looks like a hit-and-run except OP was the one that committed the offense.  Despicable.  
But you can use a tubular pick.  Depending on how old it is, he may be able to use a bic pen.	Yes, neither of which being pick guns. 
## 	what the fuck, now the comments are taking off too?
Probably has a lot to do with it, maybe I've just always liked the places that make their pies with more sauce	I respect your staunch commitment to believing in more sauce. People keep giving you other reasons for not liking non-NY pizza, but you stick by your original sentiment!
I like to move it move it.	I like trains. 
Do you not eat meat for health reasons or on moral grounds?	Moral. But others don't share the same moral viewpoint, especially cats.
Upvote for making the comment I wanted to make.	THIS
NO BANANA, NO BANANA, NO BANANA, NO	Fuck you. Take your upvote.
Can you say 'poetic justice'?	No, poetry is for elves.
Consider an i5-3570k with that z77 board newlinechar  newlinechar And why do you need a 3 pack of windows? Just get 1 license	the 3 pack thing is a glitch on the australian pcpartpicker ;( that is the price for 1 license. and i suppose the extra $30 for the 3570k couldn't hurt, anything else you would reccomend changing?? thanks for the help btw :)
lots of stuff (anti flag, bob dylan, distrubed, dropkick murphys, rise against, metallica, rage against the machine, the coup, steve earle, machine head, mia, neil young, immortal technique, phil ochs, iron maiden,.....)	Nobody should ever delete a playlist with Bob Dylan. I'm sorry to hear about your brothers horrible taste in music.
You're a loose cannon Bobrovski!	You're off the case Bobrovski!
Okay but they're taking a shower together?	Some people shower with little kids if they don't have the time to draw them a separate bath and shower themselves. If you're alone and need to keep an eye on them anyways it starts to make more sense.
That's a pun on zekr (i.e., dhikr), right?  If not, what a coincidence!  Is there a pun in the original post that I'm failing to detect?	This was a total coincidence lol. I just realized this right now. I don't see a pun for OP's though. newlinechar  newlinechar  
Jesus Christ. 	It's like he could only afford braces for his top row
you did not change the line in any way whatsoever in terms of meaning, you just used a different word which makes it sound a lot worse and more mouth-breather like.	lol mouth-breather newlinechar  newlinechar I both hate and love this word. newlinechar That's all.
Last time I did that to a 9v I felt a metallic taste for about an hour. Now I just use the 9v setting on my electrical meter for testing if a 9v is good or not. My meter goes to two decimal places, my tongue doesn't.	Your wife is very dissapoint.
IBM is the biggest component of the DJIA.  Because the Dow is a price-weighted, stocks with higher numeric prices drive more of the movement.  IBM's share price is near $200/share, well above other Dow companies:   newlinechar  http://finance.yahoo.com/q/cp?s=%5EDJI+Components	Ok, but now compare IBM to Intel -- half the peaks are still the same: https://www.google.com/finance?chdnp=1&amp;chdd=1&amp;chds=1&amp;chdv=1&amp;chvs=maximized&amp;chdeh=0&amp;chfdeh=0&amp;chdet=1338408000000&amp;chddm=25415&amp;chls=IntervalBasedLine&amp;cmpto=NYSE:IBM;NASDAQ:INTC&amp;cmptdms=0;0&amp;q=INDEXDJX:.DJI&amp;ntsp=0 newlinechar  newlinechar It seems like a general trend among many stocks.
*turns on my GBC*	*puts on my wizard hat*
Charlie Villanueva is cancerous to his team!	Don't forget mike woodsen!
its on fruitridge near stockton blvd. $8 if you bring your own oil and filter, not sure how much it is if you let them use their own oil. I always bring a 10 and tip the dude $2.	Do you have to bring your own crush washer?
I got downvoted last post because people were not happy that I was fine with the 34% increase :\	It's a problem that downvotes still get abused for not agreeing with somebodys opinion. :/  newlinechar 
Yeah, did you notice that the Ursa item set was taken out before the store went up? It reassures me that they are actively watching the community to see what they think about a feature.  	Thank god. I really don't know what the devs smoked to ever consider the ~~cowboy~~ alpine set for Ursa.
How about CloudOn? Since it isn't just compatible, but actually is Word &amp; Excel &amp; Powerpoint, licensed by Microsoft. Read this: http://www.pcworld.com/article/253620/cloudon_puts_office_on_your_ipad_for_freefor_now.html	Yeah. And it's free. OP may also want to check out OnLive Desktop, which isn't compatible with Box.net, Dropbox or Google Drive like CloudOn is, but is a lot smoother and more like Windows. More Windows-like features can be added with subscriptions.
Craft foam, metallic paint, and lots and lots of Elmer's glue.	Oh nice. I've tried working with craft foam...Never could get it too look that nice...
I clicked it. newlinechar  newlinechar ... don't you fucking judge me!!	It's okay. I did too.
His weapon of choice for kitten stabbing, I assume?	*MEOW!*
with the mask facing you, grab the bottom and roll it up. let it sit like that for a day or two. if that doesnt fix it, grab a hair dryer and apply heat.	This is what I do with mine. Works every time. 
It's really biased but it does make a good point, save the fact it forgets the other side. If you hate on the other side, I don't like you. Remember, have fun and don't hate because if you're hating, you're probably not having fun.	This! 
Facebook really knows how to not negotiate	Also how to not go public.
[OH JESUS CHRIST PLEASE LET'S DO THIS!](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m2va9hxo2T1r7x2rio2_500.gif)	And now I'm imagining him slapping my ass and then general mayhem ensues... newlinechar  newlinechar *Wistful sigh*
That doesn't seem like a waste of the bailout. Are there any other ways it was used that would be more unethical?	I agree that it isn't a complete waste. Cute backdoor socialism for bankers, if it works for them why not for everyone? Socialism for all!
a little dishonest there newlinechar  newlinechar Democratic Party (until 2001) newlinechar  newlinechar Republican Party (20012007) newlinechar  newlinechar Independent (2007present)	Not at all. In the 2009 election, New York voted for the Republican turned Independent candidate, not the Democrat turned Republican candidate of 2001. He defeated the Democratic and Working Families Party nominee Bill Thompson.
dude your practically a celebrity now	&gt;Your newlinechar  newlinechar *twitch*
Nope. Aliens! Checkmate again atheists.	nope! Chuck Testa. checkmate, aliens.
No Diablo III, Guild Wars 2, Skyrim or Civ 5 GOTY edition.  Could this bundle fail anymore? newlinechar  newlinechar There, now you have your ridiculous internet complaint.	Humble AAA Title Bundle?
What was your crate like? Most items in the store are under 2.50$. So I'm wondering what kind of things can be unboxed from a crate. In tf2 although the in game prices were way lower, the lowest thing store wise you could get from a crate was 2.50$.	I got a strange doubly braided beard which records victories with natures prophet.
i can read what people mean when they sometimes type incorrectly. 	Are you a wizard?
I saw them in Philadelphia a couple of weeks ago. Flea came out for the encore walking on his hands and Chad hung from the lights above his drum kit. They are still mentally and physically the same band they have always been. Great stuff.	i saw them last year and was saddened that only flea and kiedis play topless now.  newlinechar  newlinechar 
Also, mistletoe?	So, would it be like *missile* toe?
To follow the famous clich... if eating pork is wrong, then God damnit I don't want to be right. 	I agree, I don't think I could live without my sweet sweet bacon
You can't toast with an empty bottle of whiskey sir, you really are oblivious. newlinechar 	lol. I finished it!!! It's in the glass with a lil of coke. 
To be fair, computer engineering is about designing the most advanced telescopes in the world, including distributed telescopes, oddly-shaped telescopes, compensating for problems with telescopes, radical new telescope designs, etc.	Don't get it in your head that I was putting down CE :P The most interesting problems I've had to tackle so far had to do with CE, especially embedded systems programming and microelectronics, that shit is better than heroin.
Awesome find! I had one for a brief period but the handle was so long compared to what I was used to, it was like shaving with a shovel with my so-so technique at the time. I hope it works out infinitely better for you.	Sounds like you had the long(108mm) version of this. OP's looks to me like the 84mm. 
Let's cut his ENTIRE BODY OFF!	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UWyma-8XorI
I have nothing against her personally, but OP brings up the valid concern that Kristen Stewart is not more attractive than Charlize Theron. Like, at all. That's literally the center of the plot that they screwed up with casting.	Sounds like an opinion to me.
But in wc3 he/she has a face and knowing Valve I'm sure they will add some voice for him/her. But I kinda wish he/she should have a body just the upper part like the Archon in Starcraft. newlinechar  newlinechar PS: I don't know Wisp's gender.	Let's see what Valve has in store for us as Wisp's personality. I expect him/her/it to have some really friendly personality considering the nature of his/her/its abilities.
Creeper owl? A bunch of us have orange shirts. They don't give us many new colors	I went to look for a job the other day, I was wearing an owl hat, and I was being creepy since I asked if you had an orange shirt on :D
The follow up response definitely helped put the cherry on top. haha	I agree, the 3rd comment made me go back and appreciate the blunt simplicity of the reaction 'dude'.
[My reaction](http://i.imgur.com/xmjWh.gif)	That. Is. Amazing. newlinechar 
It was a drawing, but yeah.	Was it the crying penis? I bet it was the crying penis. 
I find some aspects slightly exaggerated as most TV shows do but for the most part they are accurate. I enjoy the show and therefore do not think it is harming anything. 	Your right when you say it's not harming anyone. newlinechar  newlinechar I like the show sometimes, I do get a little frustrated when they make errors on things like gaming (looting your allies in WoW, blasphemy!) but I probably shouldn't care too much.
Related: check out the documentary made by Johnny Depp called Stuff. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=offcwPTkQyE	You tricked me. That wasn't a documentary. That was gibberish.
Reddit and life don't mix like two dicks and no chick...find yourself in some serious shit- Biggie Smalls  newlinechar  newlinechar edit:just kidding guys being gay is cool too	-Micheal Scott 
Spray bottle?	I'm guessing to keep the dust down when cutting the windshield. Pretty bad stuff.
How did I never pick up on that?	Green Arrow was based on Sean Connery too.
Fuck you if that is *actually* your plan.	I believe if jujutree carries out this plan, he or she will have had said in action to all of us what we can only say with the words you use or other colorful variations. 
I think an AMA is in order..	Seconded. Or at least a story!
All I know is it was a blue van. Not sure the make/model. I think the best way to identify him would be the dent in his door I probably left.	So ... He was driving sideways and hit you with the door?
Ouch, 115 miles away from me. I don't think my car would like that trip too much XD I'll let you know if I ever make it up that way, though!	You should go to Baja.
What mother?	He's just talkin bout Shaft
Man..I almost switched a few months back when a local credit union was giving away the kindle fire to switch your direct deposits. Shite! 	... and... you didn't take it? Are you serious?!
Midafire. Best. Place. Ever.	Okay thanks, Ill put in some placeholders for anything im not done with and upload it soon. Glad you guys like it.
It's a valid question. I have no idea why anyone would buy it if it weren't for that purpose.	Science?
I guess its a houston thing? people here say it all the time, kinda like my brother, its the words i thought when i saw that chunk so i wrote it. sorry	Htown Ents unite!!
PST - California.  newlinechar  newlinechar It was a joke, implying I wake up later than 2pm. I'm not as funny as I thought... 	Wait, pm is before midnight right? So 2 pm is like 14:00, haha if you had used a 24hour clock it would have been funny but I am Swedish so I don't really know am/pm.
I have no idea what IPO stands for, but I really want it to mean Internet Points :O.	Initial Public Offering
La grve a commenc en fvrier. La dcision de faire la hausse a t prise en 2010 d'aprs Charest, y'attendait quoi avant avril 2012?	Et les demande de discussion on commencer en Octobre dernier!
[Now kith.](http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/now-kith.jpg)	[STFU AND JUST KISS!](http://i.imgur.com/jqB2H.jpg)
I wouldn't mind proofreading that for you.	I truly appreciate the offer, but I need to finish it first. I have like two pages left. Always nice to find good people on reddit though, so thank you. 
These should all be relevant: newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/9t273/iama_grandson_of_a_nazi_ss_officer_and_spy_who_is/ newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/i1yht/iawa_german_soldier_during_wwii/ newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/eylug/by_request_i_was_a_wwii_era_nazi/ newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/ld44y/iama_guy_who_has_a_german_friend_whos_grandad/ newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/mub6e/iama_great_grandson_of_a_man_who_fought_for/	Oh man kudos to you. Perhaps we can get another round of this sort of thing then.
*the air rushes in too quickly and ElAvestruz begins to suffocate after waking up*	*stops fanning immediately* newlinechar  newlinechar Man, I didn't know you could suffocate on air.
I'm actually scared to go back to work. Like I should just never go back and move to Alaska. [I'm actually scared shitless of the man he's big and burly and he can get angry.](http://brandnewcool.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/tumblr_m4tj4mDdnV1qcbo9lo1_250.gif)	Totally being completely serious here... no bullshit: PLEASE BE CAREFUL AND BE ALERT TOMORROW
Brohoof.	/)*(\
the 3 pack thing is a glitch on the australian pcpartpicker ;( that is the price for 1 license. and i suppose the extra $30 for the 3570k couldn't hurt, anything else you would reccomend changing?? thanks for the help btw :)	If I was critiquing it as a gaming build I would say the graphics are too weak and to get a 7850. newlinechar  newlinechar As it is you probably won't benefit from that so the 6850 will be fine. newlinechar  newlinechar Otherwise it all looks good
Maybe our mate has freakishly long arms?	He kinda does for his height
OHHHHHHHHH YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.	OHHHHHHHH NOOOOOOOOOOO!
no naturally digital distortion. 	In 50 years, that probably will be what 'distortion' is.  'WE RAN OUT OF 1'S AND 0'S AND SHIT WENT DUB!!!!!!!!!'
I haven't actually seen it, but people here are very keen on The Killing.	This one? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Killing_(Danish_TV_series)
The life of a Spurs fan.	I feel so bad for you...
they are shutting down official forums? completely? that would be very douchy for an AAA game wich isnt even one year old and currently beeing sold for full price..	That they are sir.
I saw a pony parody of the *Baccano!* intro which lead to me watching *Baccano!*. It's a really superb anime.  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: [Here's the parody](http://youtube.com/watch?v=elCj-Y97neI). 	You. Yes you. You are freaking awesome. Not enough people watch that anime and its amazing. Especially the intro song. Its my ringtone.
Yeah but OC has a hell of a rush. OP probably has a decent tolerance.	OC has a hell of a rush? Seriously man? That's a peculiar statement. I've always found oxycodones to have not much of one and what it does have, to be rather subtle.
When I mean bad grammar I mean someone who purposely types like an idiot.  There is a difference between a person who has difficulty with english and sum1 hu typz lik thus.	Good point.
Speed needs no translation? It's alright I guess.	He means the tagline at the top.
I just realized I've never heard a single furry joke.	We furries dont joke, we create drama, it seems.
agreed. xp for smelting anything is too exploitable i think.	Smelt cobble, place produced smooth stone, re-mine it as cobble, repeat.
This is a nicer way of saying what I said.  I think.  :D	Haha, you think? After some past experiences, I just automatically assume every discussion about the charismatic movement to explode all over me.
Yep that's me. I haven't grown at all in the past couple years but everyone that hasn't seen me in a while thinks I have. And I feel like an ass saying no cause they always have a look of disappointment. Maybe 6'4' people have a different problem?	&gt;Maybe 6'4' people have a different problem? newlinechar  newlinechar Yes, we are in that sweet spot between people who are 6'1' and considered tall, and 6'7' where the line for 'fucking tall' begins. People have a hard time figuring out what exactly lies between the two.
I can second this for anywhere in Oregon.	Oh man. I should visit Salem sometime. I got homies up there. We could all hit up a gun range.
Well, he is a retiree, so maybe he's just decided to do other things with his life? Your assumption is totally coming out of left field. newlinechar 	It was a couple. They both played Atari, he programmed on it, and his daughters played it. The daughters are out of college now and they needed to make room. 
So something like [this](http://imgur.com/GQSos)? (Sorry for the bad quality)	Dat stare.
Awesome! The Corgi sign is so cool!	I want one!
I meant scientifically testing this with water and a measuring cup or graduated cylinder, but your method works too.	[oh...](http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/234/739/fa5.jpg) 
I didn't even think about that, I'm going to cry in the shower now	I'm attending my very first this year and was hoping beyond hope to be part of the Community panel. Now I'm not so sure anymore :(
Who the hell are you?	Hell if I know.
[Time for a new mascot?](http://www.hrwiki.org/wiki/Trogdor)	Too. Perfect.
I seriously loved that episode. Closest thing there was to horror in the series. newlinechar  newlinechar I especially freaked out when Hama's veins began to enlarge. That's some messed up shit there.	The whole thought of blood bending gave me chills, and even Katara breaking down at the end of the episode iced the cake on that. [Euuughhh](http://i.imgur.com/Ap0dh.jpg).
Flash mob at 4! Let's make this happen people!	I vote Thriller for the theme of the flash mob.
You know you *say* that, but I bet it's one of those things where when it's actually happening, you're like no, no I can't do this. newlinechar  newlinechar That what getting a rimjob was like for me. 	really? rimjobs are the best...
my vote is always the first one, 'Enchiridion'. that's always the episode i try to show new-comers. (97% are hooked immediately)	I seem to be the only person who never really got into Enchiridion - the episode seemed almost too archetypal, like there wasn't much going on that was special about it. Then again, I started out watching trouble in lumpy space.
If you relinquish ownership you would forget all knowledge of the Death Note(s) unless you're touching a piece from it, IIRC, so that plan wouldn't work.	That just means I'm unaware of it, but if a trusted not-crazy friend was operating it, the results would be the same. It's basically a pussy way of trying to get similar results to operating the thing myself without the whole limbo/purgatory side effects.
Before social networking, this was very popular. Dave Wolverton and David Farland are the same person. One writes fantasy, the other sci-fi. Ian Banks writes literary fiction and Ian M Banks writes sci-fi. 	Was that just to avoid getting pigeonholed into a certain genre? 
Hello my name-brothers. newlinechar  newlinechar Let the secret meeting of the Jeremys commence.	Am I too late?
If I had just committed a hit and run I would be pretty paranoid about the license plate falling off at the scene of the accident where the other driver or cop would find.	Then again, I don't think you would do it in the first place.
Oh geez how did I not pick this up before.  This is going to be off the hook.  Is this before he got his hand bitten off?	I came in here just to say that I realized this right now... newlinechar  newlinechar And yes this is from season 1 I think, the hand incident didn't happen until at least halfway through season 2.
BECAUSE POLICE ARE THE WORST AND THE GOVERNMENT SUCKS.	I hate it when they protect the community. Ticket inspectors are far more honourable.
Thanks! obsession is right. I've been checking up on this every hour for the past week and I love it!	R/aquariums claims another (insert evil laugh)
Hehe...phone skin.	username relevant
if only they would realize that they are not just 'dangerous drugs' and can be used without 'strict medical supervision'. with responsible and respectful use we can enjoy the benefits too :)	well its research dude.
Act accordingly.	so do I do lots of good things or lots of bad things?
I'd never admit this to my Dad (he'd just say I told you so), but I'd much prefer ABC news these days.	But the problem is, so many people care about US news more than our news. It is ridiculous.
Spanish studyin' is better when you're **Buddy-in'!**	*Aaarooooououooouund yeeeeaaaeeeaaaah*
Or a twelve year old.	Or a black man.
That was an interesting read. However, the sample size chosen from DC and Marvel was quite small. The author notes so. Also, something else to note is that the Marvel comics she read were largely team-based while the DC comics had 4 female-lead and a few team-based. 	Yes, but [AFAIK](http://blog.newsarama.com/2011/11/15/marvels-female-problem/) Marvel doesn't have female-lead books. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Just checked their June [solicitations](http://www.comicsalliance.com/2012/03/20/marvel-icon-solicitations-june-2012/) and there's just *Hitgirl* and *Dorothy and the Wizard in Oz.*
I came here to ask the same thing. Look like the same science lab desks we had in middle school, and high school, and college. newlinechar  newlinechar Awesome for taking tests if you had one to yourself.	They were always freezing. Froze my nuts off in every science class ever.
&gt;actually a syrup mixture  newlinechar  newlinechar calling it corn syrup is a little more accurate.	One could argue that calling it corn syrup glosses over the fact that it's a very processed simple carbohydrate.  Corn syrup could make it sound like it still resembles a vegetable.
Who says he has to miss it?	Indeed! I would just walk in and say 'Yeah my housemates bolted this around my neck and left house with the key. I don't care, I'm here for a job interview which is more important.' Shows dedication!
I once saw Mama Cass from the Mama's and the Papas choke on a ham sandwich in my basement...no I've never seen a fucking ghost	Verified or no, I say we let this guy keep going.
How can these insensitive people na-zi my point of view?	It's sad how they think all of this is such a gas.
7 days. We plan to make this a cool down though.  Maybe a 24 hour cool down to kick if negative.  I understand the frustration.	What if they're the admin?
How you doing granny.	GMILF
Send a well-written email to the management. Some of your complaints may not have been noticed by the managers yet. Make sure you aren't just sending a rant to them or it will go unheard.	I agree with boartech. Management listens to rational customers but will gladly ignore an irate customer.
my friend had a toolbox, but before we could get anywhere to use it, he got killed off by a random survivor in the woods.	was this recently? like post 1.6? maybe me and all of my friends are just incredibly unlucky but all I find is knives and hatchets.
Dammit what's the firemen secret?!?!?	If I told you, I'd have to delete my comment.
He came from terrible living conditions up till he was in Jr wherr he lived with foster parents. Maybe his social skills aren't 100%. doesn't excuse his poor rebounding	Oh wow, I didn't know that, im gonna have to look up his story. agreed though about the rebounding. However, Byron had 17/10 in that game. coincidence? probably.
there is no need to be upset	no tears newlinechar  newlinechar only dreams now
The planet where the people have unrestricted access to all the raw milk they can handle.	Mmmm, delicious Listeria.
THOSE ARE EPICALLY FULL OF WIN.	totally agree
Are you going to link to anything?	same question. newlinechar  newlinechar Yo, Canada. Is this happening?
Everybody's slow in brawl	That is another weird thing
Sure thing, Im using a program called autoRealm to make the map ill probably post it as well.	bueno ^ _ ^
Probably just hire him as the office magician. Every workplace needs a magician.	A magician could get out of the handcuffs and bike lock.
I like your use of the word 'sojourn.'	Thank you.
Bear hug from Manbearpig? 	You called...
hehe... you said butt fuck [4]	i was gonna comment on the price buttfuckit newlinechar 
Oh, so will I. I can't decide if I want Jon or Arya to kill him. Sansa needs to kill Cersei. 	No, Arya needs to kill Cersei! She's in her prayers! That or Jaime choking her to death with his golden hand.
WHERE? link or never happened. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/uew9p/my_housemates_thought_it_would_be_a_good_idea_to/c4uukel) it is. OP indeed delivered.	Thank god, I thought I was going to have to scroll all the way to the bottom for that because OP was such a dick. 
Well, calling everyone a cunt for no apparent reason doesn't help.  And judging by your history, if you are indeed not a troll, then you're a big enough douche to be lumped in with them by way of worthlessness to society.	Yo I like pancakes too.
I LOVE YOU	Whoa girl! I ain't no rebound!
&gt;orchiectomy newlinechar  newlinechar Are you going to remove the testicles but keep the penis? Why? newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;facial feminization newlinechar  newlinechar What does this entail? Is it just from hormones, or is it like plastic surgery? newlinechar  newlinechar 	Yes, I am, if I even do that at all, because the scrotum makes it extremely difficult to tuck and wear panties. newlinechar  newlinechar It's more aesthetic surgery, not really plastic, like brow and adams apple shaving, having the jaw/chin/cheeks rounded and softened, etc.
You realize you've just committed yourself to commenting on every xkcd submission from now until reddit v4 comes out, right? If you miss a day, we will show up at your house. (If you live in Canada, we'll be like 'Sorry to bother you. Are you okay? Sorry.')	My god, what have I done.
Yes, big pus and blood-filled boils. The laser often causes blistering and bruising. 	That must hurt as hell
I think the pun thread just went up in smoke.	Nah, I just sparked a bowl.
Well, the UK dates from 1707 and the USA from 1776 or thereabouts. newlinechar  newlinechar But, yes, we do appear to have records going further back than you do :)	America's prehistory must have involved too many explosions and other 'fuck yeah' moments for any written records to survive. 
Yes, but you forgot to mention your legs are 6 inches.	And his foot's height is 0.8 inches.
Hey, might want to edit out her username since she's deleted her account, one less way for any more potential shitlord-stalkers to find her.	Oh snap. May not have thought that one through. 
Not all U-locks, but many, especially the cheap ones. I was able to open an old Alienware (yes, I know) case with one after my mom lost the key.	No. Not many. Just the Kryponite brand ones. Which were rather expensive.
Sexy sexy novelty...	Oranga-puntang
Never too soon	Not true. Taco night.
Consider your ass posted!  Read the new edits.	Internet high-five! newlinechar  newlinechar Now, if only I could add custom ringtones on my iPhone 3G :(
I sent them something I haven't heard back. I'm very sorry I'm not exactly sure how the proof thing works	Reddit being Reddit, and you being you.  There is going to be a shit storm when it comes; I would enjoy this relative calm before you are verified.
If he could put his fucking thoughts into words, yeah you're right it would be.	Have you heard his last few albums?  newlinechar  newlinechar By that statement of yours, Im not sure you have. newlinechar  newlinechar edit. reformatted to make actual sense. 
It's the cheapest dragon by two mana and the only common dragon ever printed.	I didn't realize that no Dragon had ever been printed at common. It seems like there should have been at least one by now.
Naw man, pretty sure Karma's not a real champion so it is 98th.	I HATE YOU GUYS newlinechar 
Don't be so non-Americentric around here. You know the east coast I mean. Also, I am not surprised you have running water. don't you just stick your head out of the window? That's right; I went there. 	man, I could have in chicago, it was raining literally all day today.
http://i.imgur.com/KtXRh.png	Thatsapenis.gif
The only reason I respectfully disagree, is because the definition of what's physically beautiful is different for everyone. There's really no way to pin-point the ultimate definition of beauty.	Not saying your wrong, but there seems to be a pretty high majority that find a certain type of person for both genders attractive. There are out-liers like you said but not much. There is definitely a defined bell curve.
&gt; **our** underwear newlinechar  newlinechar You share underwear with your boyfriend ?	I was just wondering the same when I read the title! 
So... no hope for everyone rallying behind an Eve buff, then?	No,back to your hole you stupid bitch
true, but he's no Lannister, just lackingsaint.	'You know nothing, lackingsaint', they'll say.
it looks like it closed with not enough signs :/	That was just a fan petition to show interest, it turned out pretty good.
Oh alright cool. Thanks.	18x18 is the commonly accepted 'standard' size for a wrestling ring. For some reason WWE went higher.
Human trafficking is actually surprisingly widespread in the US. DWF Metroplex sees 20% of the whole world's human trafficking.	I keep hearing that Toledo, Ohio is one of the largest human trafficking cities on the globe, because it's a Midwest port that leads to the ocean. newlinechar  newlinechar Doesn't surprise me, Toledo is awful.
*Kim Jong and the Ills*????	No, Dusty and the Krugmen!
How long have you been waiting for Communist Clifford to just come up?	At least it's not an old CommunistClifford novelty account 
What about Minecraft R? And that whole 'Herobrine' curse behind it?	The more I browse reddit, the more confused I get. Damn you reddit!!
Depends on how much in there. Probably wouldn't work in any case unless the shower hadn't been used for a week or so and the head had been taken apart to fully dry out.	Depends how much roommate is in the shower.
I got a strange doubly braided beard which records victories with natures prophet.	That seems kinda worthless since you can see how many victories you have with a character already.
Gotta love college, making the future brighter. Sorta...	Don't go towards the light!
Fake it until you make it.	Actually it goes even deeper than that. http://www.scientificamerican.com/article.cfm?id=smile-it-could-make-you-happier
I'm 41 and don't have kids. Your post made me feel ancient. 	34 here, single and childless. Feelings of ancientness confirmed.
No.	okay..?
Source? Name? Link? 	Look like Melanie Rios to me (formerly Melanie Jane)
What do you call a white guy surrounded by ten black guys?      newlinechar      newlinechar The quarterback.	In trouble.
Damn and blast. 	Also a good idea for a name.
9-57-14, ouch.	-154 goal differential, 400 goals against... that's 5 goals allowed per game
Yes, this is all about you and/or personal comfort. That's what's important!	Jesus Christ, the greatest grievance r/atheism has against religion is them prosletysing, yet believes it is legitimate to attempt to 'deconvert' people, as if their lack of belief has a higher authority. You are invoking the exact same argument as religious people, but in reverse. Nice work.
You completely misunderstood my post, read it again please.	oh you're right :P newlinechar  newlinechar sorry
I think you have a *big* problem.	You know there's something wrong with you when you can't even sit on a bean bag chair. I mean the thing is supposed to be idiot proof !
Looks like that there was a spike from '95 to '02 and it has now normalized to around pre-95 levels to me. The question is, what caused the spike in the first place?	The dot com bubble. At the time, the NYT had institutional investors convinced that they were going to make serious money from nyt.com.
Make sure to file a police report, $20k is a lot of money	Wow, $20k?! That's a lot of cash. We only found about half that.
I dont want to only have 4 moves	Four moves is plenty. Just use: Ethos, Pathos, Logos, Elaboration!
season 1 had 7.	*mind blown*
http://i.imgur.com/ShZFo.jpg	Plus you met Abraham Lincoln.
I think the fact that it is true is what will make it true. Just a thought	And I'm sure you have plenty of hard evidence to support that claim.
They never leave the state by choice is the point. Florida would never do a home and home with the Buckeyes, or any team outside of America's wang.	they would also never beat your ass in a national championship game...  newlinechar  newlinechar JK!
Totally serious: How do you draw an Alot centered around an abstract concept? newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Alot of existence. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Alot of schadenfreude. newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Alot of alliteration.	Totally serious, how would you put 'alot of existence' or 'alot of schadenfreude' in a useful sentence?
you made me spit food out of my mouth. lol	&gt;ror
I thought this subreddit was... for life.	Zing!
Wise words - made me think about how sick the video was.  	Good point - made me think about how wise the words were
I notice you used an ASAS and not an Avionics package. Is there a noticeable difference in the stability?	Actually, I hadn't noticed it at first (oops). The ASAS causes the plane to drift a little, while the AP is nice and steady.
I've had so many different people tell me that Vic Mignogna is kind of a dick.  newlinechar  newlinechar Also, apparently a friend of mine pissed him off pretty badly at a convention once. 	I have other posts about him, I won't bother boring with detail, but he is a dick :U he's arrogant and pushes his religion.
 Wow, finally a griefer I like, well I disagree, abotu cities can make any laws they want. Everyone is born is natural rights, of self ownership. But throwing people away indefinitely for a petty crime, is a crime unto itself.  	every crime in minecraft is 'petty'. For the same reason.. every punishment in minecraft is 'petty'.
[*;_;* **then ;_;**](//#blackface)	[*Niggers* **Then Niggers**](//#Carlton)
They're trumpet mouthpieces.	Oh cool, now that you mention it, I can see that, especially with the curved one on the left. You play I assume? Better yet, you machine them?
What about Wandy who had won a Major MMA belt 5 years before Anderson did..Hell he had the belt when Anderson got cut from pride. 	He's not Anderson Silva, so yes, he should do it as well.
http://www.teacherportal.com/salary/Wisconsin-teacher-salary newlinechar  newlinechar Awesome, if we cut starting salary by 31.1%, we might make it to the bottom of all the states for starting salaries. 	Ooof, glad I don't live in Wisconsin.
WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH THIS COUNTRY!?!?!?!	99.6% of everything.
Which is maybe a slight reference to that one scene in the Wild Wild West movie with Will Smith?	Yeah, I thought that as well. newlinechar  newlinechar 'Buckwheat?! Well, there's your problem!' -proceeds to fill up fake breast with water-
Was ist das 'June camp'?	campnanowrimo.org ... summer writing sessions (June and August this year) for people who either want to be insane and do nano multiple times per year, or can't do it in November, or whatever. newlinechar 
I'm 19 and my dad is 70.	Wow you beat me! I'm 25, dad 70. Thought I was rare.
His entire family has been raking in the cash by working on the campaign. newlinechar  newlinechar [This article](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2012/mar/25/report-campaign-funds-become-a-family-affair/) is from March.  And as we can see, the gravy-train is still running full-steam ahead. newlinechar  newlinechar 	End corruption in Washington, I say! Elect the only honest politician!
Fuck, theres MORE? God damn it, I stopped following the Laurelai stuff because it was honestly upsetting that someone could be that..just...argh. The fact that people keep ACTING like that....faith in humanity dropping, man.....	As a Subreddit Dramanaut, there is always drama. Always. But the Laurelai stuff is drama of the year, perhaps all time, without a doubt. It was VERY ridiculous.
As far as I can tell it only restored the apps I had installed at the time. I can't be sure because it died, running out of space. No unwanted apps were installed is all I am sure of.	I can confirm this is true. So before I wipe, I uninstall any apps I don't want on a fresh rom
Carl won't stay in the house....	Because fuck you that's why. 
Raising consensual sex age to 18 and drinking age to 25, this is getting ridiculously idiotic. Now, even license to drink, WTF? What is next? A license to fuck?	shuush, don't give them ideas !
Not to mention far more junk sources that, upon further inspection, are completely nonacademic and worthless.	With more information on which sources are credible (and imagine the persons grading your papers have this information too).  Woah.
I don't think the color grey existed back then.	It did.. newlinechar  newlinechar On another planet. The wolves has been switched with aliens, and the title has been switched to Prometheus.
Here's more: http://blushyrosycheeks.blogspot.com/	Wow  newlinechar  newlinechar http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-g3AYdkOM4h0/TwmvO1JBspI/AAAAAAAAA4o/LVHpdfhQ5FI/s1600/flower7.JPG
I also noticed this today. Are we all the same person?	I noticed the same thing right after I read this post.  Can I be you too?
Wait that was you!? Hahahaha. The guy who was stopped behind you did not seem very happy xD	So, you saw that hug-story happen?!
SPACE MADNESS	okay, just for you &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232; http://imgur.com/bUdOq
it's cause of all the numbing dart haters. They think 140% &gt; 180%. PSHAW	aww I thought they were making the sound of nether tentacles. 
And.... Costco lobbied for it  newlinechar 	and...the liquor distributors lobbied against it. 
With an upvote?	I upvoted twice... can I get two shirts?
I was once a failure like them.  Then I took...  A creative writing class.	All you really need to do is rearrange things. Split sentences up, rearrange words, use thesaurus, put sentences back together. Proofread and edit, make sure its coherent. Bingo, done.
Upvotes galore for St. Louis (that is where I live) and Fallout! But for gods sake TAKE DOWN THE MIRROR. It only causes problems and I have no clue as to why you still have it on the sewing machine.	Haha!  The mirror is actually part of a bedroom set that belonged to my grandmother (same side of the family as the sewing machine owner).  She passed away a couple years before I was born.  How's *that* for a plot twist?
i count 3 illegal, possibly 4	I think you either need to brush up on the laws or on your counting skills.
yup, sounds like what I did	Sounds like you failed to accomplish the task. Did you remember to scream?
Try the intel card with `force_s3tc_enable=true`. 	I was having the same issue, and this fixed it. Thank you :)
I'm convinced when you go for coffee you really go for the environment.  [Kommune](http://www.cityweekend.com.cn/shanghai/listings/dining/cafes/has/kommune/) is always a popular spot.	Am I the only one who thinks Kommune is crazy overpriced for what you get? I don't even dig the atmosphere that much. Different strokes, I guess.
ZOMG BITCOIN BOMB!	Ironically, this actually is looking a bit like the greatest scam in bitcoin history - mybitcoin.com 
be right back. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit:okay here's the femspy, but I'm tired, so i will clean it up in the morning. newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/zRYFW.png	Very nice work.
...of white mulberries.  newlinechar 	Hah, I was about to say that ain't weed.
Y'a eu une guerre civile  cause des rfrendums?	Non, en 96 on a eu droit  des gens transports aux frais des libraux de partout au Canada anglophones. Dans l'avion ils leurs ont appris une phrase; on vous aime!! Mais ils sont venus le dire sans matraque ou bouclier :-)
Gross.	You must be new here. 
When i first strted playing pokmon i thought if i used splash enough it would do something cool...	ahh, the good ol days where the internet wasn't common. I did that too. And idk where those mew rumors came from but I totally played it through once without getting on the ss anne.
Which 'glow in the dark' sights are you talking about? I have factory tritium SIGLITE night sights on my SP2022; AFAIK they're the same as on any other SIG.	Must of been after market/user add on, the SP2022, I shot, had a really cheesy glow in the dark type site. Like what came on a Beretta px4 I believe.   
Wow, the plot section in that wiki is REALLY detailed	Dare I introduce you to TVTropes?
Your tears are delicious, keep reading.	Nice try, GRRM...
Care to elaborate?	Don't you get it, he said nanotechnology, duh. You should know that is how everything will be solved in the *future*
Yeah I agree. No one seems to understand the season Cam Newton had last year as a rookie. No one is breaking those records, and somehow I feel people will be disappointed if Gryph doesn't look like a better QB than Newton. 	Happens every year though.  I don't mind it because 3/4 in to the season you start seeing teams run out of the preseason hype and then the real competitors are shown. 
Rocket jumper does the same thing, cant even pick up intel. newlinechar  newlinechar If you could pick up intel, but have it drop *when you pull out the jumper items* it would work, allowing you to jump over there, but walk back.	Excepting that you can detonate stickies without having the sticky jumper out. You'd just lay stickies, pick the intel back up, and launch yourself.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=b4hNaFkbZYU#t=62s	You're a good sport.
Same with Trapped in Reddit. newlinechar  newlinechar 'OHMYGAWD I SEE YOU EVERYWHERE'	I haven't seen anyone asking them to battle it out...however I have seen many, many times the 'OMG you're everywhere'! I wish people would just downvote him every time, then maybe he'd get a life.
Gotta love the fact that LAD pitchers K'd 13 and still lost by 4	Not to mention LAD hitters got 13 hits too. Luck wasn't with the Dodgers today, and I don't feel bad for them one bit.
Every day of my teenage life.	I know the feel bro. Have some karma.
like on her or near her?	i'm gonna go with near newlinechar 
(Current student) A couple of my friends were freakig out about a paper that needed a microfilm/fiche source and about how to use it, etc. i'm honestly surprised that people don't know how to use them. Most action those machines on campus saw in decades. Sad. 	What's important is that you found a way to feel superior. 
Some people(like myself) hate being the center of attention, even if it's only a second.	True that.  And I am definitely guilty of not wanting my face juice exploding everywhere in a close-quarters situation...especially if it's nothing but strangers.
&gt; It's illegal to support religion as fact as a teacher. newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY. newlinechar 	Does simply stating your beliefs count?
ok i'm beginning to hate you now.	haha no need to hate, i have old photos of Whoville and Jim Carrey in a shoebox somewhere. Ill do my best to upload them, unfortunately digital cameras didnt really exist in the early 90's. Id have to scan them onto my computer first.
http://www.google.com/search?&amp;q=iridium+flare+predictions	this warrents more investigating newlinechar 
To assert your dominance?	to insert your dominance.
This just reminded me of that one AMA thread where the boy had sexuals relations with his mom.	oh god not the one where she jerked him off while his arm was broke
GOD, NO IPHONE EDIT. AND AUTOCORRECT. I DUCKING HATE THIS SHUTTY PHONE.	Get AlienBlue, best reddit app, iPhone exclusive
nope! Chuck Testa. checkmate, aliens.	Kinda brave 
...and she's referencing obscure historical figures. I'm so enamoured with you right now.	Great Awakening mother fucker.
The what about what? newlinechar  newlinechar Everyone knows he rode off into the sunset with his dad, now both mostly immortal. Put a little mustard on mine Captain Crazy.	[Too bad they never made a sequel to The Matrix](http://xkcd.com/566/)
[AFFC](/b 'he trains with Jamie extensively.')	Oh ok. I enjoyed those scenes. I'm on ADWD right now and I was just wondering if he suddenly had some major part in that (I thought Season 5 = Book 5, until I remembered they're splitting seasons).
Pretty fucking stupid move from utube.com. They would just have to 1) get their website to a small size (&lt;10kb) and 2) put some ads there. Instant, huge profits. newlinechar 	They, uh, did newlinechar  newlinechar utube.com
I read comment threads like this and it freshly pisses me off that trees aren't legal yet.	trees aren't legal bc then all the oil change places would go out of business from ents just helping each other out. obviously a deep oil conspiracy if ive ever thought of one.
Man... in italian, even saying you found another italian redditor sounds hot. Why am I german? 	Hahaha!! That's funny..i'm italian and i don't see the sexiness 
why would you want a craftable rocket jumper?	Just on principle. There are items you could be asking that about that are a lot more valuable (Fast Leaner craftable is ~8 keys and dirty is ~5, even though no one would ever craft it).
I don't like the fact that he's holding it just to hold it. There's no webpage there, just a dick placeholder.	Just because there's no frontpage doesn't mean that he's 'just holding it'.
......you saw a ghoul? newlinechar  newlinechar Where the fuck do you live?	Wastelands. Near vault 101 newlinechar 
Men, Math and Marriage. newlinechar http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42sI2G4m5aU newlinechar This video convinced me not to get married.	Sobering. newlinechar  newlinechar I am seeing several friends walk into a trap. I even know a guy who lets his wife cheat because he does not want to deal with the hassle of a divorce. newlinechar 
No he means attempts to fraud the bank out of money, usually because of missing information on pages and things like that	I was definitely a tad trigger happy on that one. Thanks for clearing that up. Carry on, Mr. Banker-Man.
This doesn't sound like a good situation. If someone I were in bed with started crying and freezing up I'd get dressed and leave. I like sex, but I don't want it badly enough to hurt anyone. It doesn't sound like you consented to this.	The shoving-down-the-pants thing didn't sound consensual to me, either.
Wait. Now we're having sex with someone, then killing them because they're crazy?  newlinechar  newlinechar Which one is the crazy one again?	The one who loses.
'service unavailable'. Did we break it? newlinechar 	up now.
Time loops are terrifying. But they are also absolutely awe inspiring sometimes. Or the most profoundly beautiful thing you can witness.	How can they be beautiful?  It would be great to hear an upside to this.
Beige, we should paint it beige.	No, taupe. I hear taupe is very soothing.
They used stolen credit cards for that most likely.	I'm well aware, but 7 months after the fact when I decide I'd like to get back into WoW, there's not exactly much I can do about it. So it was a pleasant surprise.
Contrary to popular belief, 100% of raccoons don't carry the T-Virus. I think they'll be okay.	Because the inconvenience of seeing a doctor is is worse than the inconvenience of death.
I prefer updog.	Just because no one has yet, and I feel it must happen... newlinechar  newlinechar What's updog?
Yup, several different kinds.  I see they've brought back [these](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/this-britain/customers-in-a-fizz-over-sweetshop-favourite-1674736.html) as well.	Wow I haven't had one in years but feel quite irate at the packaging change.  newlinechar  newlinechar Also I'm sure KitKats tasted better from foil. 
I'd call that a win. Congratulations on coming out :)	It went well for me,he didn't really care that much since he was always pretty much secular.It turns out he's not really a Muslim but just says so because people would talk bad about him.It finally makes sense though,he never talks about god,never prayed,drank,never fasted either.
Don't even need to combo, just wack em with a W every couple of seconds. You can kill people from 60% with one combo.	What part of the game are you talking about?
[I'm sure that you're welcome friend.](http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m38tr7cHik1qddbvr.gif)	Is he doing the Africa Face?
[Well... Actually... Huh... ](http://i.imgur.com/z8cxN.gif)	[Fair enough..](http://i.imgur.com/N7fWZ.gif)
Most anticlimactic ending ever...	Strong words, coming from this guy. 
I truly appreciate the offer, but I need to finish it first. I have like two pages left. Always nice to find good people on reddit though, so thank you. 	Oh stop it you. You're giving me too much credit. I literally have NOTHING better to do.
Your flair made me erupt in laughter, it's so fucking ridiculous.	It looks like a walrus. The flair, I mean.
Worse, actually. Mentally unstable people still know how to use guns, unlike zombies.	This is the scariest part of almost every apocalypse senario. The last time I checked around 10% of Americans are on antidepressants or antipsychotics. What happens when the meds stop being made, or they're to expensive to buy? 
Not true. Taco night.	Man think about it newlinechar  newlinechar better the result of tacos than the result of something more...binding newlinechar  newlinechar and on the plus side you save a little money on lube
Poorly done trolling. And why here? Why this subreddit?	If you read it in an overly emphatic voice it's actually pretty funny.
awesome. Thanks	No problem.
Not in NZ 	Or Australia.
isnt that scene from band of brothers? not saving private ryan	it is from the scene of band of brothers, episode Carentan
That would be impossible. It never stops. Hiddles love is infinite!	Unpossible
Actually they called me. I was unemployed for quite some time before they did. Your best bet is networking through headhunters though. I don't think my bank even uses job search sites like monster or career builder. 	If you could expand a little on headhunters it'd help me out.  How to spot them and such.
TURBOPUNS	HUMP CATTING newlinechar 
Eh, I always fast cap on doublecross as Gunboat solly. It's almost as fast as demo and you can shoot rockets.	I have outcapped scouts as a gun boat soldier before, but that was only to prove a point that playing that way makes the experience sad for the other team.
You know there's something wrong with you when you can't even sit on a bean bag chair. I mean the thing is supposed to be idiot proof !	You underestimate the ingenuity of idiots. 
If the user posted personal information, then he should be site-wide banned by an admin. Having individual moderators ban him from individual subreddits is not the right way to deal with this.	How does it hurt?
Couldn't you just give a 1%?	Perhaps, but I don't imagine it'd be much different.  Really both a zero, a non-submission, or 1% are all not indicative of the actual ability of the student which is the real goal of grading.
No map?	Related Maps/Pics: [1](http://imgur.com/wWV9W) [2](http://imgur.com/fQgpS) [3](http://imgur.com/rTgmK)
Can we all agree that we wish these terrible fans would just go root for Sparty? 	YES!
Well at least your source of conflict is the biased commentary of the opposing party. I have to deal with Roddy White, one of my favourite on-field players, himself saying tons of shit that makes me not like him as a person.	You should just be a Saints fan, where hating Roddy White is actually very rewarding. Also you'd get to say 'Who Dat' newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar But seriously, fuck Roddy White. He's a fucking douchebag. I like a lot of Falcons players, but he just sucks
I get this question all the time. If I had a Delorean and I could hit 88, I would go back much farther. Going back to 2008 to stop bailouts is like going back to the end of the civil war to stop slavery. 	I think you would have to go back to mid 1990's when banks started trading credit default swaps.  Which indirectly caused the mess the banks found themselves in.  
well .. i just bought arma 2 .. this zombie mod looks buggy but extremely fun	I want him to get a bunch of his followers to join him on a server and take over a town. Set patrols, ration food.. 
Do plenty of side projects during your degree.	Contributing to open source projects is a good way to get a job. People like to hire people that have written usable code. 
haha why are you guALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOFISH	Alright seriously, let's get bacALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOFISH
You're off the case Bobrovski!	Turn in your badge and gun!
Four moves is plenty. Just use: Ethos, Pathos, Logos, Elaboration!	My moves:   newlinechar Yes.  Maybe.   newlinechar No.  Spaghetti.
I would kinda like to get this game, but I seriously can't find it from the EU Store. I live in Finland, btw, if that helps...	Did you search the store on the Vita?
...Did he really?	Banned in iama, seeking a ban in other subs he moderates too. newlinechar  newlinechar [relevant subredditdrama post](http://www.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/ueu4j/karmanaut_is_at_it_again_shitty_watercolour/)
If someone just runs the Rocket Jumper, Manntreads, and a Market Gardener I have respect for that person, especially if they do good.	By do good do you mean saving kittens from trees and stuff while rocket jumping?
So in other words, he is being a college aged person with a shit ton of money?	If I were in his position, I'd be a right shitshow. newlinechar  newlinechar Kid's 23; let him have his fun in the offseason.  He'll grow out of it.
I live in Southern Illinois and it has been pouring all day here as well	I live in L.A. and it was raining in Chicago.
&gt;name one thing he does by himself without the help of the empire that doesn't suck newlinechar  newlinechar You know how in RoJ he falls into the Saarlac pit and dies? newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah... he doesn't die. He escapes. [Twice.](http://starwars.wikia.com/wiki/Boba_Fett#Survival)	I said in the movies. I don't really consider the books canon.
It's because when you know they're ex-mil or police, you also know they've had government-funded weapons training. This assumption cannot be made of civilians.	That doesn't change when it is or isn't justifiable to use deadly force.
Four cases that only apply to the adjectives and the articles, which really isn't too bad relative to other languages. Finnish has 14 or 15 cases, which affect the nouns themselves.	The cases affect the nouns themselves in German in the case of dative plural nouns, masculine and neuter genitive nouns, and weak masculine nouns in dative, accusative, and genitive.  newlinechar  newlinechar 14 or 15 cases does sound a bit hardcore, though.
I see what you dick hair	I laughed 'til I stopped.  Would that I could upvote you twice.
Never screamed at a picture, you say? newlinechar  newlinechar /r/Gore  newlinechar  newlinechar /r/spacedicks 	Why. That sweet, tender child was so innocent...and now this.
[Reaction](http://i.imgur.com/9nJwi.png) newlinechar  newlinechar [Accuracy](http://i.imgur.com/vXoq1.png) Perhaps it would be better if I didn't use a trackpad?	how many pro fps players use a trackpad? 0.
Yeah.  I really want to feel bad for the guy or something, but.... You know, if he didn't want to die a horrible snake-venom-y death maybe he shouldn't have, I dunno....  Something something don't fuck with snakes.	Why would you want to feel bad for this guy? He lost his ability to procreate by dying, thus improving mankind as a whole. 
I think it goes further than that. To me it implies that Hitler did not kill himself at all, and was always killed by that guy, so he only just completed history in a twisted sort of way. (so there is no paradox)	I'm a bit unclear here: are you saying that if Black Hat hadn't killed Hitler, Hitler wouldn't have killed himself?
You ignorant fuck	Was it a Rick Roll?  I don't want to click it because I'm lazy.
[](/flutterfear) Wait, which one?  I'm just here for the AMA. newlinechar  newlinechar Haha what am I getting myself into...	[](/rajsup) You'll know it when/if you see it
What are you talking about it's only a coupe?	in that case, here is /r/ants
Maybe AskReddit isn't the most appropriate subreddit for this, then. It would be kind of nice if there were a subreddit that was devoted to 'look at how shitty this is' or 'isn't this inappropriate behavior?' posts. As it stands, I think SRS is the closest thing we've got.	SubredditDrama is probably a better place for shit about moderation, SRS is more about the user-generated content.
what sort of blog are you going to write?	A video gaming blog focusing on opinion and discussion. Nothing fancy, and I planned to launch by this weekend (with E3 soon). Once I find a name I can get the ball rolling.
Be careful. Balance your needs for comfort and truth as you see fit, but try to bear in mind the distinction between belief and certainty.	Thanks for your response. I think I'm far from both of those at this point =D
I WILL HAVE TO GO THERE NEXT TIME I'M IN PORTLAND. THANKS FOR THE ADVICE!	TRY DEVIL'S POINT! newlinechar 
Yo I like pancakes too.	Upvoted for pancakes.   newlinechar  newlinechar Until we meet again...you cunt.
But she only served 15 days in jail over weekends...	That's okay.  It was an extremely minor violation.  Even the department of corrections agreed it was extremely minor.  She'll wind up actually breaking it eventually.
approval needed newlinechar  newlinechar (daddy issues) 	Your green clubcard points will be printed on your receipt. 
Nah, I just sparked a bowl.	I'd try to restart the pun thread, but it's probably a pipe dream.
[](/ppboring) Death... it doesn't seem that exciting if you ask me.	That is not dead which can eternal lie, and with strange aeons even death may die.
For those who like DR, here's some of Kool AD's (one half of DR) [solo work](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQzP7lRCUk4) newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: some [Lakutis](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I4FiBM7qXUw) also (features DR)	I'm commenting here to remember this. Totally forgot about Kool ADs solo stuff. 
In the first book it is mentioned that Sandor and Gregor had a sister that died in queer circumstances...it could be a reason why he's so protective of Sansa	Peeshaw, I'm sure Gregor had nothing to do with it. newlinechar  newlinechar A nice boy like that.
Where's Buster? newlinechar 	Doing a damn good job.
This is the only post that will ever be relevant here.	You have no faith in the depravity of the internet.
Thanks. newlinechar  newlinechar Hey man..I'd love to go to an ivy league school and join the Lacross team but that's not happening. I'm not a WASP nor do I have any family connections.  newlinechar  newlinechar WWYD? 	Lacrosse is more sales &amp; trading than banking. You'd be amazed by the meatheads they hire. Banking will take anyone if they have a high GPA and love excel.
Serious answer: Because [Francium doesn't exist in bulk quantities](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Francium), thanks to its half-life of roughly twenty-two minutes.	If you could somehow stuff enough uranium ore inside the shower head, you'd probably have one or two atoms of Francium - they'd probably be other [side effects] (http://fallout.wikia.com/wiki/Harold) though.......
You should go to Baja.	If I had a ride I'd be more than willing. The thing is my surfmobile is a '71 Chevelle with more quirks than you'll ever see in a car, so I can't make it too far without worrying about the poor ol' girl. 
The law means nothing to those who think they *are* the law.	Go Team Obama
Ironically, this actually is looking a bit like the greatest scam in bitcoin history - mybitcoin.com 	I'm doing the Nicolas Cage face right now.
If you don't mind a spoiler, or if you've already seen the movie, here's the scene that the song is from: http://vimeo.com/12760506	It's also used in this video ! x-post from Woahdude. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOTknXBAsps
Somewhere like Whoville?	Closer to [Whoreville](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7j4VO_S_Kw).
They, uh, did newlinechar  newlinechar utube.com	Well, then blolfighter's comment is full of shit.
Ahh I see how it works now :P	But it should let *anyone* RSVP! :(
Well I just think that's a REEEAAAAL handy side effect :P	It isn't that handy.
But they forgot the HDMI, coaxial, VGA, DVI, DisplayPort, S-Video, USB, Ethernet, TOSLink and S/PDIF ports!	We're talking about South Park Colorado here, not exactly the highest income neighborhood
how the actual fuck can you use a living room for sports?	Watching sports, well, namely motorsports/F1
Reminds me too much of S2 troll gorilla.  newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/KX8O9.png	Well, are you rustled?
oh god not the one where she jerked him off while his arm was broke	Or the one where the son was fucking the mom in the ass while she was knocked out on pain meds?
I think he meant it doesn't sound any different than rain falling on a street.	Yeah, I think he was simply restating that not disputing the previous commenter.
&gt;I also eat every meal starting with all the boring veg ... and then 'reward' myself with the 'good stuff'   newlinechar    newlinechar This boggles me, why not just eat the good stuff?	Using veg as a filler like this had me losing 1 - 1-1/2 pounds a day for nearly 8 weeks. I don't think I would have lost nearly as much weight eating pure carnivore + dairy...
Pardon my American ignorance, but are they worth thousands of pounds because it's considered a delicacy or because you have some sort of fisheries ministry that fines people thousands of pounds for killing one?	It's because over here they are considered to be sporting fish. People pay alot of money to fish for carp. We don't kill them. In fact if I ever saw someone killing one I would be inclined to throw them in with a 5tonne lead tied to their feet. 
Imagine the same thing you see in your locker room. Now add tits. 	...urinals with nipples?
could be an original 360. No HDMI out on those, just HD Component :(	Considering it's cartman, he likely got it on release day
What.. what's an atheism accident? 	It's when you illogically deny the potential existence of a deity so hard they have to amputate your legs.
Brilliant plan on your part, lol.. might not want to do that! Yeah maps would be nice lol. Haha, i tried to tell people, but it's tough.. I don't like to spam endlessly. Now you know, though!	I should have remembered that there is, in fact a subreddit for *everything*
He also doesn't analyze brush well.	I disagree. He just prefers to examine it *very* closely, just to make sure that the entire enemy team is in there.
&gt;'Atheists are the pinnacle of humanity, and religion sucks cock.' newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;-Neil deDawkins Sagan Hitchens newlinechar  newlinechar -Ron Paul, on bravery	You're always the best at these
Depends on the country I guess. In Australia and New Zealand it's something along the lines of  'Rugby is a game of gentlemen acting like thugs, rugby league is a game of thugs acting like thugs'	I think we can all agree that league is shit.
We'll have to weigh it out, and see what Gaben says.	6 more months
Just as I thought the torment was over, it just kept getting weirder and weirder!	then sad. I just felt bad for the poor caterpillar. 
Am I the only one who's horrified where that plotline is going? [Book Spoiler] (/b 'Undead Catelyn is just terrifying.')	[Book Spoiler](/b 'The Freys deserve all they get and more. Lady Stoneheart is ok by me.') newlinechar 
It looks like he's catching one of the lights in his hand. And he's really excited about it. 	Haha it does! This was easily the best concert I've ever been to.
'Too excited'? Oh I'm sorry, I forgot that we were required to be Nietzsche-esque nihilists at all times.	That's only required for Cleveland Browns fans
I can't draw worth a damn either, don't feel bad. newlinechar I like the hat in your picture though. 	Indeed. Dashing hat if I do say so myself
Took me a second, but I'm proud to say I got it without Google.	I still don't get it, can someone explain it to me?
Directed by M. Night Shaymalamalamalamalan	Shamalamadingdong.
Several, in fact.	Three, four. Maybe five.
or Dany	or Lil D
With a side of herpes and accidental pregnancy.	I dunno if I'd say my party was *that* fun.
Wow...there's a subreddit for everything.	And there is a subreddit for fucking everything else.
hahaha what?	This is what German daycare does to people.
Maybe for one day, but you never go just one day. 	I think 70$ is the going rate for 30 minutes in the park, in the line to use the restrooms.
Wanna find the same thread again? Don't bother. Hit reply to see all of the replies also.	That's why I use tabs.
Nah, really? Source?	[No, not really.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orbitz_\(soft_drink\)) Discontinued due to poor sales.
It's a brew made of ginger, sugar, lemon, and ginger beer plant, and tastes exceptionally delicious with gin. 	Interesting. Sounds pretty tastey.
I would be careful what details about yourself you give away, if you'd like to keep your anonymity...	Yeah, OP should probably edit or delete this.
really good point. the most annoying thing I think you hit on the head; it just feels like they did not even try and maybe like you say that is their modus operandi.	But it's insidious because the casual critics &amp; fans will LOVE it and spread great word-of-mouth.
That was pretty inspiring. Thanks!	I hope you get the most out of the experience, life was meant to be lived, not feared :D
She actually lives in Cloud City, Bespin.	That book is [already done.](http://boingboing.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/17.jpg)
I only went for it because it reminded me of Planetside. newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah, I know.	I got it because I am a BF2 fanboy. It was good before the first patch. newlinechar  newlinechar *sigh*
Four goals to Tehau, not bad. I'm surprised that Tehau didn't get his hattrick, or Tehau either for that matter.	Yeah, stupid Tehau had to ruin everything with his goal in the 50th. 
or it didnt happen!	This guy knows what's up. newlinechar 
Yes.  Have you also noticed how old men stand really far away from the urinal while pissing? Is there a growth spurt in the cock area late in life?	My guess is that the backsplash is much more noticeable when you're not wearing clothing.
if i could ace ventuara my way into a parallel parking like that shoot i would do it everywhere i went 	You can only roll a car so many times.
Uh, yeah. newlinechar  newlinechar http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jewish_Race	Your linked wikipedia article points out that Jews are not a race. It says it's a 'nation and a ethnoreligious'.  newlinechar  newlinechar Remember it like this: 'Jews' equivocate 'Christians', 'Israeli/Israelite' equivocate 'American', and 'Semitic equivocate 'Caucasian'.
I've tried this before, it was the creepiest thing I've ever subjected myself to.	I've always wanted to play bioshock whilst it was raining, seems fitting
That toddler is def hitting that later.	i feel like that toddler is her son, and i don't see a broken arm on either of them.
He fell outta his guard tower.	My grandpa died in Auschwitz too, a guard fell off of a tower onto him.
Or we could just give him the hose.	It puts the lotion on its skin.
Would package both picks for Rondo in a heartbeat.	That would be a dream scenario.
No I'm a bandit, PROUD OF IT.	Ah. Ok then. Serves you right, ya rummy bandit!
Insanity Wolf would've thrown grenades on the grenade.	Insanity Wolf would've swallowed the grenade, run to the guy who threw it at him, and hugged him (or shit out the grenade on his head). 
18x18 is the commonly accepted 'standard' size for a wrestling ring. For some reason WWE went higher.	Vince obviously just likes bigger things. 'WHY ISN'T THAT RING BIGGER?' 'Vince that's the standa..' 'MAKE IT BIGGER GODDAMNIT!'
GMILF	Fodrox04, taller than a tree
Extra for shipping across the pond.	Came here to comment on the price, Tesco's was doing that for less then 30 over xmas. Same price as 75cl bottle of Wild Turkey, Guess they do have to ship it over though
&gt; What about communists? newlinechar  newlinechar I already mentioned President Obamney. newlinechar  newlinechar Keep in mind, there's some redundancy in my guest list since most of them already fall under 'Literally Hitler.'	Will the military be doing a Drone Airshow? I've heard the new Anti-Civilian drone can identify and strike someone carrying gold, or gold backed currency, from 50 miles away.
The American Conservative... Reporting the same 'big' story that was on ForeignPolicy.com weeks ago. newlinechar  newlinechar What does one fighter/bomber have to do with RP?	Wasteful defense spending is what Ron Paul wants to cut.  
[That made me laugh](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-8wBiYlmxIAE/T7JHXQobfuI/AAAAAAAABL4/42xcFEcCDhI/s320/game-of-thrones-upvote-reddit.gif)	Best story: I wore it to a Protest The Hero show in San Francisco a few months ago. As the female security guard patted me down, she said 'Me too.' Oh, San Fran...
I have aids.	Are they hearing?
I was hoping they would call it Jihad Sultans.	That's what we will call it.
Gold comes first, Silver comes second, and Bronze comes third. If you come third, it's only possible in a threesome.	Well there's always multiples.
wait what? newlinechar  newlinechar 	Just mixed things together. :( Heard something about a plan to make village music and so.
I dunno about jet packs. If they're added, they need to be limited. I hate trying to shoot people who just fly around. Halo Reach did a good job with them though =P	Not a Tribes fan, eh?
Is that really a close enough of a resemblance to be labelled as a reference to MTG? The name is the same, but the name is fairly generic... and it's just a ghost with big teeth and stuff. How are they THAT similar?	The art is similar and magic fits with the 'X is devil worship!' that game uses.  My guess is that it is a reference. 
Prost	Cheeky fucker you!
I was at a dance at a convention when that song started playing.  I pelvic thrusted all around the floor for the entirety of it.	That fact that you pelvic thrusted for a whole song deserves an upvote.
I keep thinking about his children as well. He seemed to remember having them, but not them as people. Like they didn't exist but if mentioned he'd agree that yes he had children. 	Yeah, according to his Wikipedia article he knows that he has children, but nothing about them including their names.
Only if the guy doesn't renew before then.	Which he likely will as it is his right to do so.
I feel like I'm dumber after reading that.	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkodTydUR0E
I'm pretty sure nobody was suggesting we gather redditors together to find and murder him, so the wat rightfully addresses the staggering disconnect between not wanting a witch hunt, but then immediately suggesting we conspire to de-mod him (a witch hunt)	Actually, I think burning him at the stake is the only solution.
How is their space program doing? newlinechar 	Eye can't tell, there is something in my I.
&gt; about the charismatic movement to explode all over me. newlinechar  newlinechar &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232; newlinechar  newlinechar I disapprove of your phrasing.  :D	Haha, man, even in /r/Catholicism... you never forget you're still on Reddit. :D newlinechar  newlinechar I didn't see anything if you didn't.
34 here, single and childless. Feelings of ancientness confirmed.	This is so odd, I'm 24, single with two kids!!  What a small world!
Because he's dead.	Line?
Because gnomes in wow dont have every man for himself, while the races in gw2 offer nothing skill wise and only in appearance	Still doesn't change the fact that gnomes are not hard to spot.
comment	Reply. 
'This job would be great if it weren't for the fucking customers.' newlinechar  newlinechar This is the motto of *a lot* of jobs.	upvote for randall-quote.
Oh cool, now that you mention it, I can see that, especially with the curved one on the left. You play I assume? Better yet, you machine them?	I do play them, but they were all made by [David G. Monette Corporation](http://www.monette.net/newsite/).
Memories galore. 	Silly question: Why do you have a camera next to your username?
(deleted)	Yeah guys, don't answer the question if you don't agree with the majority.
Yep, early access and HoNs shitty F2P model is what killed that game for me. 	The F2P model I thought wasn't too bad - some skins were a bit off (you didn't know what hero that was until you checked), but otherwise it was decent with the taunts and announcer packs. I agree with the EA part though, absolutely crap.
Good.  We play best on a snowy field.	Except for the little patch that's cleared for your kicker....
wth, where do you work!?	China Net Cloud on Xietu lu. On the same floor is a company owned by a Danish guy, they went into his office too.
Read the article and discover that is exactly what he said. The context only makes it worse.	I, too, thought it might be a fantastic misquote. Nope, actually asking supporters to throw acid on specific women.
Came across this by creeping on you after seeing the birthday post (happy birthday by the way!) newlinechar  newlinechar I can only hope that I am as awesome as you when I'm 40.  Also, your Plastic Dashboard Jesus is badass!	I came across this in the same fashion modivate did (Happy birthday as well). newlinechar You seem like a truly awesome person phantom_scarecrow! rock on!
In all seriousness-- how does one even get into that hobby?  I can't imagine anvils are available at the hobby lobby. 	As hobbies go, it's surprisingly cheap. I probably spent $100 the first two years I was blacksmithing. It's all about research and improvisation.  newlinechar  newlinechar P.S. Shitty anvils are available at Harbor Freight.
I really hope you've spoken to a mental health professional. That is an extremely traumatic thing to go through and at such a young age.	Or any age for that matter.
I'd argue that Marv and Steve were. Reggie enjoyed it.	I know I stand in the minority when I say that Reggie should be able to talk shit to the players. newlinechar ...I miss it.
hell, ask them to spell the name of some Croatian player.	A Polish player I'd say.  Spell the name of Arsenal's keeper.   newlinechar  newlinechar Szezcny, I give up.
&gt; I've never even got randomly hit on before, I've always wanted to be though. All of my other friends have. newlinechar  newlinechar Sounds like you have clueless guy syndrome	... explain what you mean by this...
This guy's getting downvoted, but he has a point, this kid should've focused on honing his artistic skill doing studies of other artworks, and then, when he really knew how to do it, then spend two years on making a masterpiece.	He probably did this piece as he grew. I doubt he did only this piece every day for two years, but rather every few days or weeks he'd sit down and do a little bit more.
I like it. People say I'm much more peaceful; and it is a religion that has taught me to be a very critical thinker; and many more reasons.	I mean no disrespect to you, but to say that religion, of all things, has taught you to be a 'critical thinker' seems rather...illogical. Could you expound on this?
Russell also had 'The Codeine Syrup Addiction' and 'A Serious Weight Problem'. Fortunately for the 'Skins, both things seem to be absent in Gryph. 	Disagree on the first one. Who wouldn't like to 'sip on some sizzurp' with RGIII?
Every Anthony's is like this, unfortunately.	I was having a meal there with some of WWU's CBE higher ups and someone called Anthony's an upscale Denny's. Right on the money.
Git yer pitchforks! newlinechar  newlinechar A Nazzy!	burn the witch!
I thought TIR was at least 15 people.	TIL that TIR is a team of Koreans.
My sister has the same birthday...	It's kind of startling to think how many sisters in the world have the same birthday.
Just like real life!	To be fair, it works both ways. Have you ever looked at a vagina? I mean REALLY looked at it??
You haven't dealt with mechanics or electronics have you?	Yes but considering he's doing the exact same thing for both it shouldn't really make a difference. newlinechar I'm just trying to say they should be the same.
[This](http://www.drugwarrant.com/articles/why-is-marijuana-illegal/)	No science involved, mostly ambitious politicians and businessmen fighting for their dollars
There's a lot of objective evidence posted. Read the comments.	all of what i see is either subjective or observably flawed. read my comments.
Am I the only one who thinks Kommune is crazy overpriced for what you get? I don't even dig the atmosphere that much. Different strokes, I guess.	I don't drink coffee, I prefer tea.  I just know ppl who like going there ~.~
i think this is more funny than a mood killer	Really, it's a mood *enhancer*.
I personally really enjoy a good Anti-Joke Chicken, but I haven't seen one on Reddit. 	[here](http://www.quickmeme.com/Anti-Joke-Chicken/)
Apparently 'hot' is a thing for white people that other ethnicities can occasionally join in on	RIIIGHT?? But apparently only if they look white.  
When the deer have guns too, then and only then will hunting be considered an actual sport. :)	A true blood sport.  I LIKE IT!!!! newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Hell I would watch that on ESPN.
You don't want me to fuck your death stick...	I don't want you to fuck my death stick...
recipeee! 	Surely the OP will deliver! 
Is it true its the best school in the country?	It has a reputation as being among the best.
C3PO wins	lando is the best with the stash
Because sad posts spark new sad posts by people thinking: 'I could probably get away with this'	As if it does not already happen? Besides, OP deleted his account.   newlinechar    newlinechar We good? Good.
Meh. In my dreams I've stopped making racist excuses that justify my inadequacy and permit me to accept mediocrity. newlinechar  newlinechar Sorry, I've just always hated those things...	Sees tag, (D1 Track)... newlinechar  newlinechar I can't argue with that. Although I'm guessing it's meant in a humorous way. I see your point though. Natural talent plays a role in things but as you can't change it, it's not something to worry about. 
[Original post in r/minecraft](http://www.reddit.com/r/Minecraft/comments/uf069/minecraft_solitude_chunky_win/)	It's worth noting that I'm not the one who built the Minecraft version of Solitude. I just set it all up for rendering and got the angle right and everything. Took hours to render.
I don't think Calvin is really the 'mainstream' opinion. It's been a while, but I recall him always having radical ideas that broke social norms. newlinechar  newlinechar I agree though that the roles really should have been reversed though.	Usually, yeah, but he's also six years old. All of his great insights are from the perspective of a kid that gets up on Saturday mornings to gorge himself on sugary breakfast cereal and watch cartoons. He's a bizarre mixture of pop culture and deep thought.
Stupid rules like this were why highschool was so terrible. College is so much better.	A girl had, Peace Out Bitches at my college ceremony. I'm sure her parents were proud.
Barack Ollama 2012	Osama bin Llama 
It's when you illogically deny the potential existence of a deity so hard they have to amputate your legs.	It's pervasive but it's not illogical. 
it would be fun if it where balanced	coughdominioncough
firefox is made by bros. chrome is made by the man.	afaik chrome generally outperforms firefox
Something like [this?](http://www.twisted-news.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/Funny-will-ferrell-lion.png)	Why do you have that?
There are no words to describe how well this would have fit into Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2.	All I can picture is Dennis Hopper and Leatherface racing each other down the road on bicycles. Would have been a better ending.
&gt;Legion ~~dawned~~ **donned** a broken piece... newlinechar  newlinechar 	i blame dawnguard newlinechar  newlinechar 
I haven't read this one.  Care to provide a link?	Happy to [oblige](http://www.myconfinedspace.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/05/son-needs-salvation.jpg)
OP;s post sounds like something they do to people who create large viruses/hack stuff	Little chance of that.  This guy is not too bright.  If he was doing something more sinister it has to be something more passive.
tell me about it. I've been reading it on and off for months and I'm still only 1/5 of the way in, but I love every page of it.	Oh its a great read, just yeah, the type of book thats off and on again. However I do find it easy to get back into it after not reading it for a while.
[Ball's in the air, gotta go for the bike](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-C_opRYhkHg&amp;t=0m37s)	you gotta throw the bike!
i think you should watch the whole thing.  I counted four illegal plays in the first 35 seconds.	If you give me the time stamps I'll defend my opinion...
i enjoyed that site. i wished it was red though.	Here ya [go](http://sometimesredsometimesblue.com/) newlinechar  newlinechar 
This is so odd, I'm 24, single with two kids!!  What a small world!	Well? Share them with those two, you selfish bastard!
It's sad how they think all of this is such a gas.	If there's ever **Gring** to be any positive social change, they need to **concentrate** on finding a **solution** to their racism.  
Rule 35: if it exists, there's a .jpg of it	Actually, I believe rule 35 is about if there's no porn of something, it has to be made. To preserve rule 34, you see. 
The real bad news is in the comments. It made me sick just reading them.	my scumbag brain reads your comment and says ' you should go to that page and read all those bad comments!' why brain, why?
I'm pretty bumbed about this. I hope some of the details about what happened eventually leak out.	We'll know how much the payment was during Activision's next share-holders meeting, but probably not many more details.
I jut took screenshots from a youtube video. But I can get a blank one for you, sure.	[Here you go! Try not to make all of Reddit swoon with your glorious pick up lines!](http://imgur.com/a/agS1Z)
Yeah, the Pomson is ridiculously broken. :(	That shit needs damage falloff out the balls.
I bet you say that to all things you don't understand.	I knew there was a reason RES is telling me I've accumulated 10 downvotes on SortCodeify... This explains it.
[Fair enough..](http://i.imgur.com/N7fWZ.gif)	THEY SAID THE THOUGHTS WOULD COME WHEN I BLINK. I MUST BLINK FASTER
Actually, it was Yeshua.	Yeshua bin Yosef, no?
I think its a decent tradeoff for having access to more weapons.	You can also tradeoff for having a much stronger stealth, but no big rifle.
That's what she said.	In fact it's the entire point of the post.
fuck yeah newlinechar  newlinechar fuck yeah newlinechar  newlinechar i fucking love that shit newlinechar  newlinechar fucking pizza hut is the bomb	you sound like youre having sex while commenting......are you??
Ass-truck.	Truck-ass. I can not lie....
Thank you.	Now suck his dick
On a related note, is Land of the Dead any good?  I've been contemplating watching it for a while but never pulled the trigger cause Savini isn't involved i think.	If you've watched all the 'dead' movies, I think it's very interesting. newlinechar Not unlike the 'diary of the dead', it's not very scary and tense, but I enjoyed the ride and the undead are more interesting than the main characters, sometimes.
Are you a wizard?	Only on thursdays
She was a fucking idiot!  newlinechar  newlinechar I watched all the episodes of the british version and of all the weirdos and people who had no idea what they were doing, she took the cake. I guess thats what happens when daddy pays for it all...	I liked the guy with all the plates.  I can picture Gordon being slightly out of touch with tech like my Mom is, and thinking 'Who sells plates on the internet?'
pawn shops are usually a little more organized.  I say usually, you never know, it's worth checking but at Goodwill you can guarantee at least a few old CD-ROM games in with the CDs.	In my country, pawn shops only accept jewellery, sucks... At my cash converters they have some random PC games lined above the CDs, nothing special though, the only deals I got from there were some GBC carts for SGD 2 each, or USD 1.56 approx newlinechar 
Kinda brave 	Nope! SO BRAVE.
Not to sound stupid, but I don't quite get it :/	I think he traveled back in time to kill him right before he killed himself.
May I join?	Oh, fuck no!  That would be gay. newlinechar  newlinechar   Wait, umm.   newlinechar  newlinechar  Based on username, OK.  Just this once.  Also next time.
Thats the kind of bumps I take when i wake up.	Let's be friends.
If I'm not mistaken, Australia only has 7 snakes that aren't venomous, 2 mammals that aren't poisonous and only 1 bird that doesn't shoot poison darts while dive bombing your head 	I always knew kookaburras were assholes.
they're not even 'Homosexuals', as you call them, they're just friends. or brothers. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar le me with my le gay buddies: https://imgur.com/xx2nW newlinechar  newlinechar (not upvoting means you're literally a homophobe and want me to die)	Not upvoting means you're fucking annoying for saying 'le me' and 'le gay buddies'.
It's that big blue box outside your door. Be careful if you go out there during the day - there's this big yellow burny thing in the ceiling that isn't at all friendly. 	&gt;Big Blue Box   newlinechar  newlinechar I got so confused because I thought you were talking about the TARDIS, I guess I really do need to go outside.
Yes, but [AFAIK](http://blog.newsarama.com/2011/11/15/marvels-female-problem/) Marvel doesn't have female-lead books. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Just checked their June [solicitations](http://www.comicsalliance.com/2012/03/20/marvel-icon-solicitations-june-2012/) and there's just *Hitgirl* and *Dorothy and the Wizard in Oz.*	I know that Marvel currently doesn't have any female-lead books. I think the author mentioned that. However, the OP simplifies the article without much explanation, which is understandable. newlinechar  newlinechar Though I wasn't surprised that X-23 failed, I was pleasantly surprised about how much I enjoyed Wonder Woman.
[Tetris.](http://3dimka.deviantart.com/art/3D-Stereogram-Tetris-36795242)	Ow, ok I take it back... bad idea.
oh boy.	Don't ask me how I know.
Americas got talent 	My friend was on it recently. It's not rigged but the producers 'contact' different acts and have them supersede the 'public' tryouts.
I was skeptical of your statement that no film critics thinks much of it, so I looked on Rotten Tomatoes: 90% Fresh with an average rating of 8.1/10. Those are some pretty legit numbers. 	Not to mention that Roger Ebert has it in 'Great films' on his website.
What is it? It looks like some sort of abacus designed for calculus.	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roman_abacus
Please let me know when pics are up. I built a pc with that case recently and was really disappointed with the cable management capabilities. I am interested to see how you did it. 	they are up how ever idk if i did an amazing job w cable mgmt newlinechar 
:( newlinechar  newlinechar These are the shitty parties. There are much better events to go to.	This was a piss-poor excuse for a party.
Yeah, that's true. I prevented myself from listing the direct hit for the same reason... though those tiny splash damage things sure do mix up the soldier.	It's much easier to hit people with a Loch than it is with a Direct Hit.
Think you should probably set your bot to only trigger on reddit links.	I think so to.
My lab/husky is a bit nuts but maybe the best looking dog I've ever met. And a total sweetie.	Pics?
Out of context comment of the day.	/r/nocontext?
I wanna stick my dick in her. Easy peasy.	QED.
On access routers perhaps, wouldn't want to do it in the core. 	I figure it goes without saying outage and change windows permiting.
So, you saw that hug-story happen?!	Haha, yeah I did! We (crowd of about 20 people) were talking to Day[9] and we hear someone shout to him from a car that had just stopped at a red light. He then just ran over and gave her a hug in the middle of the street.
Ha, what a troll! LOL trolls amirite? God so many TROLLS everywhere and these guys are troll MASTERS that's like TROLLCEPTION LOLOLOLOL newlinechar  newlinechar Basically, Reddit, stop referring to every fucking prank, joke, or trick as a 'troll'.	Are you trollin?
I agree that it isn't a complete waste. Cute backdoor socialism for bankers, if it works for them why not for everyone? Socialism for all!	wasn't really socialism, more like plutocracy
Such a tease, but such an awesome tease. newlinechar  newlinechar *brace for CPR jokes*	I was going to make a CPR joke until I saw this. Back to the drawing board. 
Do try to keep up.	Quite. newlinechar  newlinechar Also upvoted because you made me laugh.
probability of getting a six prolly more like 1/1000, it will almost always land horizontally.	I would assume you're not supposed to use it that way... You could simply leave the ring on your finger and spin it for a bit without looking, then see which number faces you.
Punch away badass.  Karma whoring is shit whether the story is true or not.	I like punching, I just needed an excuse. :)  newlinechar But to be honest, I replied rashly as I was emotionally compromised. By an Advice Animal of all things.
I don't know, when you watch a South Korean game (for example) the commentator always has to use the full name to differentiate the various Parks, so it's more difficult than usual.	Read my comment again, but do it with a sarcastic tone.
things that aren't disposable worry and confuse us. 	GET IT? HAHA YOU GUYS
Thanks for the info dude. Mind putting up a link to your wallpaper? I dig it.  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: also a search for Chrome LS on Cydia brings up nothing. Alternate source?	Download  for slider. http://browse.deviantart.com/?qh=&amp;section=&amp;global=1&amp;q=Chrome+LS#/d4m1cfa.  newlinechar  newlinechar And wallpaper I found here http://browse.deviantart.com/?order=9&amp;q=Rainbow+dash+iPhone+wallpaper&amp;offset=48#/d4tpxuh
I should have remembered that there is, in fact a subreddit for *everything*	there wasn't until quite recently.. :P
What's wrong with Hat Fortress 2? I've played for 4 years and I think its only gotten better. Aside from a few things, all the new items are good.	It's not that they're good or bad, it's stylistically they're very out of place. The Deus Ex items are the worse offenders of that though.
the average human has half a penis	Woohoo, finally above average.
Everyone on reddit is spamming!	Stop it, you're just spamming.
I'm sure you already know this but please don't toke and drive! Alcohol and marijuana do not have entirely the same effect on your body, but heavy usage of either can impair motor function and endanger your friend, his passengers, and other drivers on the road.	thanks GI Joe!
This is absolutely the truth. HDMI saved my life. 	Literally?
Yeah, I think he was simply restating that not disputing the previous commenter.	I think he misconstrued it as sarcasm, as reddit has conditioned us to do.
I thought fergie didn't want chich to play internationally?	He's just not allowed to play in the Olympic team. It'd be unfair for him to not be allowed to play in the WC qualifiers and the prep gamed before them.
I still don't get it, can someone explain it to me?	The person of the year was 'You'
:D	http://www.mediafire.com/?49vugdjudqrk3o8
You have been banned from /r/pyongyang .... and on your cakeday too... Our Dear Leader is disgusted.	And the dear leader normally loves cake so much...shouken should be disgusted with themselves.  
Yeah!  Good joke and all...but finish the story. The suspense is killing me, and maybe both of us!	http://i.imgur.com/1XbbW.jpg
CreePING AS usual, I see.	This has been a surprisingly complete discussion about Sonic for what it was supposed to be.
I would have liked to see the build in action.	There's a video of him farming in his feed. Although, I must say he's a pretty bad player, but it demonstrates the feel of the build.
I wouldn't mind seeing her nail Jack.	I second this.
It's not about how much of a wuss you are. To do that you're admitting that you're so desperate for sex with anyone you'll put up with bullshit like that. Sorry, but fuck that.	It's about dropping your load, THEN dismounting; but not b4 yelling out 'fuck me baby' so loud the ex hears it &amp; HOLD ON....reverse rodeo parallel universe....
It'd be a joke except anarcho-capitalists are in love with that place. Reddit has exposed me to all sorts of crazy.	They say they love it, but yet they won't actually GO there.  Not even for a vacation or anything. newlinechar  newlinechar Kind of tells you what they REALLY think of it.
Actually, [this](http://www.radiolab.org/2011/nov/14/) is how.	Why so many upvotes/downvotes? Is it or isn't it? 
The right amount.	That is the best answer.  newlinechar I too, am the right amount... Does your group of friends need one of those 'awesome nerd girl' additions?
Oh ok. I enjoyed those scenes. I'm on ADWD right now and I was just wondering if he suddenly had some major part in that (I thought Season 5 = Book 5, until I remembered they're splitting seasons).	plus they're merging books 4 and 5 for the TV series, so who knows if it'll be one or two seasons, or even more, encompassing those books.
Yep it is. 	Sweet! What were you in?  newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/H0T9S.jpg
Get AlienBlue, best reddit app, iPhone exclusive	I agree alien blue is the way to go, I was using iReddit it sucks in comparision.
Default viewmodel fov is 54. 70 is the max in advanced options. I play with 90 because anything higher than that is unrealistic and messes with my sense of 3D. My 2 cents on your first pgraph.	Thank you for the correction. And I agree, anything past 90 is wonky.
By do good do you mean saving kittens from trees and stuff while rocket jumping?	That is exactly what I meant.
Artyomster, not a bumblebee.	Murderface Murderface Murderface Murderface...
You're seriously getting fucked over, man. Any Manager position making &lt;$30k/yr isn't worth it.	It looks good on a Resume.  One of the only reasons I took the position.
Normally I won't kill spiders and put them outside, but something as dangerous as a black widow I would probably do the same thing 	A black widow bite is rarely fatal (from what i've read) newlinechar  newlinechar I also read an article about a crazy scientist that got bit by a black widow on purpose to prove that they weren't that dangerous, he survived iirc after feeling really bad for a few days.
My Grandfather died in 1943 at Auschwitz when another officer fell on him.	My grandfather also died in Auschwitz. He was shot by the SS for fucking two dead guards.
I agree, the 3rd comment made me go back and appreciate the blunt simplicity of the reaction 'dude'.	The 5th commentor is a cunt. 
the squishy part is similar to D2 also. Stepping over scorpions on ActII Lut Gholein.	I make a point to step on all the critters :D
That goo came from OP's excitement (battle boner)	Here in Texas we just call them boners.
You know, the 'at' isn't necessary.	How much of what we do and say really is necessary?
rule 34 just got applied to Iago from Aladdin...	Just?
That's about the long and short of it.  And that's not racist.	But you don't have to take my word for it
Too many washes can take the color from cream to eggshell. 	I'm afraid I can't tell the difference between those colors. 
Use a paperclip or the hard end of a shoelace to push it all out!	Warming it up some should help too.
Of course age of consent varies depending on the state.	16 in Georgia (but if you are more than 5 years older no dice)
I use a shoe.	This is why they keep coming back.
Cal Poly SLO??	I have a frient who goes there maybe you know him
So you belong to the 30% of self-employed workers in Greece. newlinechar  newlinechar Because the other 70% in which I belong, don't/can't avoid taxes. 	In my country big corporations can avoid taxes without personal cost, that's a start I guess.
I've wanted this for so long. Every time I mount a piggy on a server, he falls off a cliff somehow and dies.	At least there's an achievement for it.
Yeah guys, don't answer the question if you don't agree with the majority.	Yeah, tell 'em, boobcake!
So will this subreddit be an automated aggregator, or should we be funneling the three subreddits into this super-subreddit? What's the idea here?	 There are the Singularity Overlords, similar to the Porn Overlords, and there are it's member aggregates that form a network. newlinechar  newlinechar I, for one, cannot predict the future.   newlinechar 
Wasn't it Zidane saying something along the lines of 'Why add another layer of gold paint to the car if you sell the engine' in regard to bringing in Beckham, but selling Makelele?	Very close. I believe he said 'There is no point in painting your Rolls Royce with gold, if you sold the engine'
maybe, but 'tact' exists.... newlinechar 	last recorded case of a person jumping on a grenade was 2006, not 2 years ago. He deleted his account so I'd say OP was definately lying.
Can I get a link to the sub reddit please	If you're looking for the 360 league its /r/virtualWDC.
I was more of a Karen guy. I have a thing for troubled girls. 	The blonde hair drew me in, the drinking problem kept me around.
I put him right up there with Nobuo Uematsu.	Above Uematsu, right below Mitsuda for me.
No, he remapped &lt;Esc&gt;:w&lt;CR&gt; to &lt;Ctrl&gt;S	Oh. Eww.
Extra-marital affair???	still don't get it
The whole thought of blood bending gave me chills, and even Katara breaking down at the end of the episode iced the cake on that. [Euuughhh](http://i.imgur.com/Ap0dh.jpg).	Besides the horror genre, one thing that I liked was how it explained why there weren't any waterbenders in the Southern Water Tribe.
Nah. Last year she quit... Gave her 2 weeks, big public hoohaa and then decided 5 days later she's rather keep her job. She's awful. 	What the hell? How was she even allowed in the building/access to sending shit like this out?
No, worst is that you would damage the apartment and have to pay for repairs and maybe have your rent raised.	On second thought, you are right.
&gt;I'm not a fan of the writer newlinechar  newlinechar Same. This is someone who seriously overestimates himself, he thinks he is an arahant, so take whatever he says with a grain of salt.	Regardless of whether someone claims they are arahant not, what is said should always be taken with a grain of salt, even if you know that person to be arahant.
I like the vanilla revolver	Nothing wrong with that.
I think in that context, 'girlfriend' by itself would have been more appropriate. But it's tricky finding unambiguous terms for everything.	Well, the guy's name is 'dranker,' so maybe we don't need to worry about the perfect term so much.
You call 2-4Mb/s slow?! Here in Australia we get 2mb/s MAX, with most places (including mine) getting 250kb/s.	The NBN will fix it ALL! newlinechar  newlinechar But then we may get more spam from the portals.
This is how it's always been in D2 as well so old players are used to it.  It wasn't really that big a deal in D2 but now it drives me crazy.	That is because the attack animations in D2 didn't take half a second to complete. I think the fact that you can avoid certain attacks by running away is a factor as well.
I'm not sure what peeves me more -- The fact that the general public believes we're actually working on 'a cure for cancer', or the fact that we need to convince them of that for funding of cancer research.	Well it's hardly their fault. You can't expect every member of the public to have an intricate understanding of medical science, and when the media sells the idea of a singular cancer, I think it's perfectly understandable that people view Cancer as one disease. 
cuz he's hot	But why?
By the way, speaking of vectors, I still cant forgive you for rotating through my super awesome HD logo in less than 2 days. That thing was destined for glory!	I didn't change it. Go yell at Orsch. I don't know if he changed it, you should just yell at him.
Let's see what Valve has in store for us as Wisp's personality. I expect him/her/it to have some really friendly personality considering the nature of his/her/its abilities.	Or maybe it could sound subservient given that it's a helper creature of some sort.
A 4chan board dedicated to 'Cartoon and Comics' newlinechar From Batman to Transformers , everything's discussed. newlinechar 	But mostly fucking Homestuck.
Lo que no tiene es empatia por el resto de los jugadores.  Hay jugadores que juegan fuerte como Puyol, Albelda o Kompany y ellos nunca han hecho lo que el.	Muy bien dicho. Es una cuestion de respeto y de actitud. Todos hemos visto demasiadas faltas de Pepe que fueron claramente a proposito. Como si lesionar o lastimar a un jugador no tuviera ninguna consecuencia mas alla del partido.
I agree with both of you, for I TOO am Australian.	Australia unite!
The judiciary isn't a branch of our government?	It is a branch of the US government, but it is not what people mean when they say 'the government'.  When they say that they mean the legislative or the executive branches.  When they mean the judiciary, they say 'the courts'. newlinechar 
Dragon is a privately owned unit.  No nation was involved with building and launching it.  However the company Space X will get a contract with the US and NASA now.	Better than hitching a ride with Russia and cramming their astronauts into a tiny Soyuz capsule.
Quickest way to get a man to play video games is to put either Halo or Pokemon in front of him. 	As long as he never shows his man Amnesia.
Man, you've been waiting.	I respect that. He waits. He is a trapdoor spider. He does not waste his chance.
It's okay. I did too.	Well yeah, you gotta find out...
Shouldn't 'Numbers' be capitalised?	/thread
Since everyone posts that Penn &amp; Teller: Bullshit! counter to the Wal-Mart video, may I humbly submit a John Stossel special about wealth concentration. It can't properly be called a counter since it came out before this, but here it is anyway: newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F0VHiONkot8&amp;feature=results_main&amp;playnext=1&amp;list=PL54F9759EE0669C8E	Pretty good. newlinechar  newlinechar Another good one is rand's perspective on the morality of [money](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7GK_fRM8SO0)
Apparently she did that, but one of the guys filming this knew her password (they're all friends). newlinechar  newlinechar The trick is using headphones when in the library. That way no one will hear anything.	this was the genius part: the guy put her headphones into the mic jack! she had no idea so couldn't figure out how to quickly shut it up.
i tried. but no matter how many times i say hi to her, she either sometimes say hi back or just ignores it, and talks with another brony. 	Hey, that's kinda mean for her to ignore you even if you say hi! newlinechar  newlinechar Or maybe you just need to speak up?
Not the best article really, but just made me go wow. These people are the next level of insane.	Yeah, He left the racer in stage 16, that means he rode 15 stages with a broken vertebrae. Proffessional riders are beasts.
I'm sure there will be many Linux distros that will do all of that.  But RPIs are barely making it into people's hands, give them a bit of time.	Yeah, I know it may take some time. I just wanted to poll the community to see if anyone that already has a Pi would be willing to pick up a project.
The one thing I got from this story is that D&amp;D summer camps exist.	Brought me some fantastic memories as a kid.
&gt;Cardboard doesn't float. newlinechar  newlinechar Actually...	And they actually do have a Navy...   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mexican_Navy
Needs to be more tapered.	Just need to get a slimmer cut of jeans.
No, taupe. I hear taupe is very soothing.	Excellent Ocean's 11 reference.
So we can't even give aid to countries like Haiti with the Red Cross? 	Sure...as long as there's red cross in Florida giving the same aid. 
I like my crash with a warmer sound.	Might want to boost between 14-20000hz.
I'm usually busy on the weekends with work but drop me a PM (American lady here~), I should be free this week to go meet up with you!	Sounds great! I'll pm you after the weekend, as I know my availability for that week a little better. :)
[Here ya go.](http://imgur.com/lhd9O)	You are a god among men (and sometimes women and lemurs)!
If I've learned anything from my thread on SRSrecovery, calling SRS a movement is a massive stretch. 	bowel movement?
They sent a lawyer that doesn't understand his own case?! newlinechar  newlinechar No wonder Oracle spectacularly failed. I suspect that lawyer isn't going to have a job for much longer.	They probably didn't expect a judge that understood the case.
I'm in. You now have a $2 budget. (do you need to change the name to 20 million men now?)	You have my axe, now its 30million men, I'm in
And MVP won a GSL with a bunch of 1 or 2 base cheeses vs protoss.  Play to win.	It's strange that he is remembered that way considering less than half of his games vs Protoss were cheese/all-ins.
TIL that TIR is a team of Koreans.	Just like zezima. 
look up 2 in the am pm by jg quintel. you're welcome	Dam what a gem! I'll never lookat benson the same again...
I loved that show!	What's it called? I used to watch it when I was around 2. 
I'm on my phone, what is it?	'BOT'
I did what you suggested - lets hope it works out! The reporter can put his/her face anywhere they want as long as we get our dog ba k. (no butt stuff :)	I think he was referencing a recent incident where a dog that got rescued and went on a show on channel 9 and Kyle Dyer went to kiss it and got her face bit off.
You guys leave me in pieces.	Couldn't quite hear you, prolly need to get the resin outta' my ears.
Conspiracy? He *wasn't* born in the U.S. Are you kidding me? You're so uneducated about this subject.	That's the spirit!
Nah it's cool man. 	This is just about the most intense level of altercations seen on this subreddit. That's why you guys are awesome :D
These are some 'koalaty' pictures newlinechar 	I feel as though i should take my boxers off, walk to the nearest VFW, spray spaint on a pic of bulbasaur, and raise them to full mast.....just so i can salute my own shorts in the honor of you. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar then get an awful waffle
Start juggling. It is a well known fact that no juggler ever is boring.	I always thought juggling was just a useless talent, a parlor trick of sorts, but the other day i was in the park collecting abandoned baseballs and started juggling them, got me all sorts of attention from ladies.
Duke was actually decent with Spurrier  	What decade?
I dont feel like I'm unwell though, I mean, I know its a crazy thing to do and have happen, but I dont think I'm sick in anyway. This is just a lie that got out of control, I dont believe he's a real person in any capacity. 	You may not be unwell in a schizophrenic way, but you're obviously a habitual liar, and that is a type of unwell. 
hell dude, idra called stephano a gimmicky flash in the pan, and people *still* say that about him. Idra's opinion carried an absurd amount of weight in the community for a long long time.	To be expected right? I mean we all know that IdrA is a very objective person who never lets his emotional state cloud his judgement and never has to take his words back?
Of every book. Classical literature, religious texts, car manuals. newlinechar  newlinechar EVERYWHERE	Her name is The. 
So...a fart then?	To shreds you say?
Oh come on. A shootout without a chance to kill him? Totally got railroaded there. newlinechar  newlinechar Twas interesting though.	That was kinda cheap yeah but at first the same shootout took place before the start of the game and you had a flashback to that scene later, we cut the first part because it took too long before an interactive part came up.
A dress or a baby?	first one then the other.
ok transfer into the next panel needs to really be speed the fuck up it turns so slowly its more creepy than funny	\&gt; That's the point
My selection is very limited (dealing with the LCBO here) =( newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Thank you for your comment!	Happy for you! Which did you go for? LCBO'er here. 
All good points. Oddly enough I develop a cold sore on my lip so maybe my body is fighting something right now. And I just devoured 2 giant oranges. I feel kind of shaky and for whatever reason, I am craving oranges like crazy right now. 	herpes, bro... that shit kills gains. 
Yes but considering he's doing the exact same thing for both it shouldn't really make a difference. newlinechar I'm just trying to say they should be the same.	Haha i understand, I'm just messing with you. If they had a different animation that would be pretty sweet.
Haha I was actually just joking. newlinechar  newlinechar Smoking large quantities of weed everyday doesn't do anything bad to you. You're fine.	Did you just actually give decent advice to someone? Are you sick?
Sorry to hear about your childhood but it's great to hear that you've grown as a result. Unfortunately many born in violence find it dominates the rest of their lives. All the best to you!	Thank you. newlinechar  newlinechar Violence is contagious. If more and more individuals choose to attempt to become non violent i think it is possible to ease it. Violent people are sometimes changed when they encounter new approaches to life. Individual choices can make a difference.
I feel bad, no money, Diablo, and i live in my pants.	Must be cozy, huh?
Instead of 'pedo bear', 'peso ear' was written. That is apparently the ear image of a portion of a peso.	Thank you! I usually get when the spelling correction on cell phones mess things up (typing on one at the moment), but this one looked so *out there* that it eluded my sensors. I figured I just missed another weird reference.
Hey, calm down buddy, he was just askin' a question!	third base
Have you read Leviathan Wakes? I found it an excellently done space opera. I also just finished up A Fire Upon the Deep, which is about as hard as Sci-Fi can get. 	I don't know if I found A Fire Upon the Deep that hard, actually came across like some sort of old sci-fi Redwall for young adults.  Though I do have the feeling I missed something, as many of my friends love that book as well.  
I always thought juggling was just a useless talent, a parlor trick of sorts, but the other day i was in the park collecting abandoned baseballs and started juggling them, got me all sorts of attention from ladies.	It is fun, it impresses people and a great way to improve your motor skills. And did I mention it is fun? :-)
[fufufufu](http://imgur.com/Nw1kU)	I do not think the general consensus would enjoy fanart of such a nature as their background &lt;&lt;
It's strange that he is remembered that way considering less than half of his games vs Protoss were cheese/all-ins.	That is still a very broad range.  Even 40% is a shit ton of cheese and all ins.  
Uuuummmm...... Ok. Was there a discussion point you wished to raise?	I think he wants us to praise him for being so rich and at the same time, empathize with him about there being no loot.
What's it called? I used to watch it when I was around 2. 	http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0101081/ the title is complicated, sorry.
Aren't his eyes supposed to get bigger?	I'm not very good at this.
lol it should have been 'reddit my girlfriend just cheated on me how do i fuck this bitch over mentally and or physically the same way she did to me emotionally'	He could always Chris Brown her.
I thought r/fifa was a fan of bowls and goals. 	bowls n goals, lolz
The sad thing is that Karmanaut has a history of doing that [to people he doesn't like.](http://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/t0xwa/to_karmanaut_the_moderator_that_killed_the_bad/c4ipick) newlinechar  newlinechar 	wow, that's even worse than I ever suspected... how is he not banned?
Thank god I look good in glasses, even just the thought of smelling my own burning eyeball while being partially blind makes me want to flail in terror.	its not that bad I never smelled burning eyeball and the blindness only lasted 1min max per eye
Amirite? FTFY	That's... wow, dude.
The toilet, because that's where shit goes after the anus is done and over with it.	No no, 4chan is the anus. Reddit is the sewage treatment plant where the parts that can be used again are taken and 9gag is the night janitor who sits in his darkened maintenance closet eating the worst bits.
Murderface Murderface Murderface Murderface...	NecDW4, doodily doo, ding dong, doodily, doodily doo
It's because she's tagged the photo with 'i'm ghetto fabulous! x'	[snicker]  I was so taken aback from that scary picture that I didn't even notice the input on the side.  Thanx for pointing it out.  OP made a good call!
We die together.  *Hug?*	*hug*
[Well done, Dog](http://i.imgur.com/CLu0w.gif)	That smug little shit. Look at him, biting his lower lip, fucker.
Best one ever imho: newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.reddit.com/r/Pokeents/comments/u9c40/1st_gen_starters/	That's fucking awesome. I'm amazed. [7]
Yes I am!  I am a spy and refuse to bow to your ugly statues!   Why would I want to read the teachings of the great leader anyway?  :P	Because we do not have SNooki and Jersey Shore in our workers paradise! - ha- western infiltrate, your actions have doomed you to be along people who watches those things. Silly kapitalistic swine 
These. Are. Awesome. So much awesome artwork coming out of this subreddit. [Makes me happy](http://28.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ltr7hg5vHi1qew6kmo1_500.gif)	Coming from you that means a lot. Thanks! =)
 There are the Singularity Overlords, similar to the Porn Overlords, and there are it's member aggregates that form a network. newlinechar  newlinechar I, for one, cannot predict the future.   newlinechar 	Borderline r/fifthworldproblems. newlinechar  newlinechar Not sure if joking or actually really awesome.
 Do me a favor and forward my post since I don't have a steam account newlinechar 	Do yourself a favor and [signup](https://store.steampowered.com/join)!  newlinechar It's free and takes less than 5 minutes. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 
I don't have time for ALL of them, can I do them all at once via a hotbox of sorts?	Absolutely! Way to be thinking on your feet!
Drugs aren't a necessary tool for having an active imagination.	But then again, they don't seem to stifle the active imagination, either. Quite the opposite.
Seriously. Youth? That's the best you could do? Why not 'Youth Values' or 'Yardwork'? Maybe 'Yachts'?	Yiffing?
I just realized it now. So I think you're ok.	As did I.
Can't beat that! You planning on chopping it soon?	I'm hoping to, but I want to be certain of what I'm cutting and how it'll respond before I do. 
Oh, I'd back this statement whole-heartedly. Without a doubt. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Actually, I don't know enough drafting strategy to know if what people are saying about Mist Raven actually works or not. I'd believe it though, I guess.	Druid's Familiar is definitely a better card, but I think Mist Raven sets you up better for future picks.
/r/PicsOfDeadKids 	You were downvoted, but you have a valid point...
Upvotes to all of you for being civil, respectful, and understanding. Not to mention descriptive. 	This thread delivers in a way that I thought was previously impossible. People sharing expert knowledge of their fields in a civil manner. I love it.
Re-reading it, I'm beginning to think of Austin Powers. newlinechar  newlinechar 'WHO DOES NUMBER TWO WORK FOR?!?!'	Jesus Christ, boy! WHAT DID YOU EAT!?
Oh, you!	Yes, this is dog.
Just like zezima. 	A runescape reference, oh boy does that bring back memories. 
Yep this one is '4chan unique'	'/b/ laws safe'
IMGUR's api is broke i think and if they are imgur links that may be why	It's happening in quick meme as well, I'm not sure if they have anything to do with each other. And if so then she has bad luck with what she's getting sent.
The F2P model I thought wasn't too bad - some skins were a bit off (you didn't know what hero that was until you checked), but otherwise it was decent with the taunts and announcer packs. I agree with the EA part though, absolutely crap.	I hate the F2P they did, it went from 670 silver coins to 3K+.
You mean a bunch fucking shrubs.	Shrub fucking nubz?
I came in here just to say that I realized this right now... newlinechar  newlinechar And yes this is from season 1 I think, the hand incident didn't happen until at least halfway through season 2.	Yeah what the hell?! I only just realised that too, and this gets posted almost as much ast the sheep photobooth thing.
Did you hear about the two car pile-up Mexico?    newlinechar 200 people died. newlinechar   	what was not mentioned in the report was 199 of them were Mexicans and one white dude in the other car
[Here you go! Try not to make all of Reddit swoon with your glorious pick up lines!](http://imgur.com/a/agS1Z)	Hmm... It seems your original post has now been replaced with the blank template.  
I was merely pointing out how they simply 'tracked her down.' It was simple data pulled from the photo. newlinechar  newlinechar I would like to say that I totally understand where you're coming from, but at the same time, does it even matter what sex anyone is on reddit?	Ignore them, it's just SRS nonsense.  
I distinctly remember that being not okay. Something about the end of the world, angels dying... lots of cataclysmic bad stuff. newlinechar  newlinechar Though if you're right, then he just wanted to give everyone cookies and we're the jackasses for stopping him. /sadface	They just misinterpreted what he said. They were just trying to deliver cookies and be friends, but his metaphors got all messed up and they attacked him first.
Love to see this trend continue. Americans investing in soccer will lead to a stronger domestic league in the long run. Sure, its only GM looking to the PL but tomorrow it could be Mickey Ds sponsoring the Sounders. Damn, now i want McDonalds.	damn you... now i want mc donnalds too..... newlinechar 
Oh hes human alright. He just wakes up every morning and pushes all emotion from his body using only a stern will, all before most people even wake up in the morning.	Is there anything Stern can't do?
Dont put the camera down and help	Standing there laughing is much easier. 
i feel like that toddler is her son, and i don't see a broken arm on either of them.	I don't get the broken arm comment, please explain. Also you think he would mind of uncle idiot stopped by? (I am the touchy uncle but I ain't touching him)
This thread has happened several times before, and there is just one correct answer.   newlinechar  newlinechar Ryze passive, Karthus Q, Zilean W, Twisted Fate E, and Karthus Ultimate.	I didn't know ): stupid stupid stupid me
so do I do lots of good things or lots of bad things?	In the grand scheme of the universe, either one is fine. 
I thought so too. Glad I shared it. Took a very long time to render.	Extreme noob question incoming: What exactly is rendering? This isn't an in-game screenshot?
If only I was faster.	*were newlinechar  newlinechar The subjunctive mood is proper in this case.
I upvoted twice... can I get two shirts?	You tryin to cheat the system, son?
Its all about Dota 2	Oh you. 
1) Ya esta newlinechar  newlinechar 2) No quisieron considerarlo newlinechar  newlinechar 3) Creo que todava se puede enviar documentacin. Creo. newlinechar  newlinechar 4) Hidelbrando	No, Hildebrando no va a contar los votos.
I hope you spent the time you saved by not spelling out the word 'because' wisely.	I'd a spent it drinkin.  
that does suck, yeah. sonoma state?	nope. santa rosa community college &gt;.&lt; ivc and saddleback have no open calc classes so i have to go somewhere i can live rent free and get classes. middle of nowhere=open classes
Good story, gives me a small glimmer of hope. newlinechar  newlinechar With regards to child-hitting 'An-Caps'... I find that there's few things (if any) more hypocritical than a self-proclaimed advocate of the NAP, violating it when it comes to the smallest and most vulnerable of people.	Unfortunately this was downvoted to hell apparently.  We have been invaded by pro-beating children people.
Yeah it is, though I'm *fairly* certain we pulled it from Millwall.	I think we added the part about the Sounders and Brougham End, but otherwise yes.
Yes it is. Northern Rhone is stylistically very different from Barossa. 	True but true Chablis is a regulated term and terroir influenced. A grower in the Rhone could easily call his syrah shiraz. it's come to mean a stylistic difference. So I agree and disagree with you. But that's why I love wine. 
Haha, that's very kind of you. Definitely thinking of doing that next summer though... just saying to reddit... I need places to crash... I will help you... don't murder me please	You want to crash on our couches AND have us not murder you? Now you're just asking for to much.
They aren't 'Epsom Salt'. They a 'research chemical' that is packaged in 250 mg - 1 gram packets and labelled as 'Bath Salts'. Typically sold at head shops, liquor stores, gas stations, etc. as a P.O.P. product. Ephedrine was sold like this in the 90's as well.	But what *is* it? There's another thread naming the chemical but people seem to be disagreeing. Do purchasers of this product use it without having any particular idea what it is?
Are you knowledgable in these things? Because I am not. newlinechar Advice on such matters would be greatly appreciated!	http://www.reddit.com/r/woodworking/
I dunno, I just can't sleep. Hate it when I don't write out some crazy shit every now and again *sagenod*	Reddit may be the greatest place ever in humanity to write your crazy shit. newlinechar  newlinechar Keep on it! Good potential brewing there!
I appreciate that you're trying to contribute to this thread, but everyone knows that Americans circumcise their infants. I don't want this to become just another self-critical Americans thread.	Be careful with generalisations. I honestly did not know this fact, although it helps that I am not an American.
So you don't like the central theme to the entire star wars universe?  Not to sound harsh but that would be like being a Harry potter fan who hates magic. 	There are many stories in the Star Wars universe that deal very little with the Force.  In fact, a good chunk of the most popular Star Wars games you don't even get to play as a Force user.
As someone who has done it, I second this. Sand EVERYWHERE. The chafing was unimaginable. 	And it feels impossible to wash out... I felt sandy for 2 days.
so you're going to resub to /r/atheism just to see the occasional funny comic? you realize for every good post in /r/atheism you get thousands of inaccurate quotes put on space backgrounds?	/r/circlejerk has way better material...
Speculation. Reported.	Wiseassery. Citation needed.
I've learned more disturbing things from reddit than a 15 year old boy should ever know. 	Boy, you'll learn things no man in their entire lives should learn.
and so is that statement.	Yeah, it was pretty awkward during that period where people kept saying 'this joke is literally older than the internet' but nobody knew what an Internet was.
I only answered because I saw your name and I live in Chula Vista. I felt it would be wrong to let you believe a fake spoiler.  newlinechar  newlinechar It hurts because I REALLY liked the imp. You know what they say about characters you like right?	Living up to your house/sigil. I like it
I'm afraid I can't tell the difference between those colors. 	Thatsthejoke.jpg
Just got laid, AMA.	Can you post an in depth how too guide? Preferably starting ay saying hi
mate, i laughed very much and i'm not even from the Americas newlinechar edit: the fact that george bush was even in charge of a country seems like fictional comedy	[Well, I'm glad I could make you laugh.](http://i.imgur.com/rVEde.jpg).
What's better than not being retarded? newlinechar ICE CWEAAAAM!!! newlinechar  newlinechar /so, so sorry ;)	[When the fuck did we get ice cweam?!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFpARlLDrgo)
I cannot WAIT for this girl to go topless. I am on the edge of my proverbial seat.	I would love to see more of her as well. Seeing as she's already done a handbra picture, hopefully topless isn't far behind.
As funny as this sounds, it's true. You could probably get internet up there.	Imagine browsing r/spacedicks...**IN SPACE**!
I'm not leaving my games. newlinechar Gamer girl it is ^.^	You can still have a girl that isn't into games, just as long as she's accepting of your hobby. Assuming you don't play games as if they were your second job.
My favorite part is that he got a triple double. Who the fuck keeps stats in street ball?	Ice-Cube.
Giggle at the ghostie? newlinechar [](/c22)	Guffaw at the grossly.
Layers man, layers!	[Layers](http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3pjbvo)
I think it comes down to the fact that society itself must value certain things that certain individuals within that society do not. 	Why shouldn't the people who value it be the people who fund it?
[sigh](http://i.imgur.com/z6Wb6.jpg)	Uma Thurman. 
That's what people don't understand about this game : It's not meant to be taken seriously.	That's because nanomachines simulation psychic conspiration.
&gt; Apostrophe's newlinechar  newlinechar Did he?	10/10 would laugh at kikenazz again
The Heat really should work on buolding bases. 	I disagree, look how buold the Celtics are.
To be fair City could have Messi and Ronaldo in attack and we'd still get beat by Everton. Them's the rules.	1-0 Cahill header. newlinechar  newlinechar EVERY.  FUCKING.  TIME.
'This summer'	' One blind man and one retard will attempt to save the world '
to be fair.. i did use the qualifiers 'probably' and 'one' newlinechar  newlinechar and the AH will probably stabilize soon, to call it a failure this soon seems premature.	Commodity auctions have been down almost twice as long as they've been up. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm not saying it will **always** be a failure, but as of today, the gold auction house is pretty much a failure.
Well, I guess technically, you'd have 0.66 kids...	If that's the nap parts that I get, I'm in! 
With more information on which sources are credible (and imagine the persons grading your papers have this information too).  Woah.	Why do so many people use Woah instead of Whoa? It seems to be the most common misspelling in the world.
&gt;they would be obliged to refund everyone and if they didn't there would be a massive exodus. newlinechar  newlinechar Like how Valve was 'obligated' to refund the players who purchased TF2 before it was free?	The difference being that TF2 is a single one-time price, whilst some LoL players have literally put hundreds of dollars into the game. They're not obligated, but it's sure to piss a lot of people off.
To shreds you say?	oh my, yes
And that is why I still consider moving to the U.K. every once in a while. That and Chelsea. Blue is the color.	I second that.
I remember that. Didn't she have to move or something?	As far as I know she didn't. I'll ask my dad more about it tomorrow. We don't live in Pittsburgh (but we are Steelers fans!), so it wasn't as big a deal to us but I do remember him mentioning the death threats.
I don't have much to say except you're fabulous. :)	Thank you!
I have read somewhere that Contador earned 5 Million Euro's per year before he got caught.	Wow, although I'm not surprised. He's easily the biggest draw card in the sport (Cav a close second).
Well, it's the longest thing you ever experience	http://i.imgur.com/LN55z.gif
Not to mention they're not in english, and horrifically organized. Seriously, Cardinal Richelieu is goddamned important. Its a sin his papers are so poorly organized. 	I imagine his papers are interspersed with ramblings about how awful those musketeers are?
14/f?	How YOU doin?
[Yes, indeed we do~](http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/300/537/b86.jpg)	I just found a [follow-up](http://holmes-and-watson.tumblr.com/post/19749788179) where John can't be bothered to deny it anymore...
My mom is over 60 and has far beyond that level of innocence. Every time she reads the news she's shocked at how 'awful people are to each other'.	I hope I never stop being shocked by the horrible things people do to each other. 
[Aun est en el cach de Google](http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:6riX2bRnSD4J:es-la.facebook.com/people/Luchadores-De-Un-Mexico-Justo/100003866997178+&amp;cd=2&amp;hl=es&amp;ct=clnk&amp;gl=mx).	S, pero los quera reventar. El cache me sirve de poco :'(
At least you're not Detroit.	[Cleveland](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZzgAjjuqZM)
Wow you beat me! I'm 25, dad 70. Thought I was rare.	Well you are a rare pokemon if that counts.
and the bit where he stabs the guy's eye and looks up, smirking? newlinechar too many feels.	[*Oh yes*.](http://i.imgur.com/YXRV8.gif)
The people commenting here so far, don't know anything at all about garments. newlinechar  newlinechar Maybe they will never know. 	True, I don't know anything about them, can you tell me what they're about, what they represent or what is behind them?
But it should let *anyone* RSVP! :(	Well it is set as an 'event for Melbourne Reddit Meetup' and seeing as it is a private group (ie, you need to be approved to join it) that means it isn't a public event, I think.
This one? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Killing_(Danish_TV_series)	Yup
These episodes can't come fast enough!	Yeah seriously, is it next Thursday yet?
what do **you** mean you people?	Seriously, how good was Robert Downey Jr. as a black man?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkodTydUR0E	Without clicking the link I'm going to assume it it sends me to the scene from the end of that one Adam Sandler movie. 
I think you meant to post this here: www.reddit.com/r/IAMA - this submission could get deleted for being in the wrong section.	Reddit should have a way to move submissions without having to delete them.
'Show me a beautiful bird, and I will show you a man who is tired of her shit.'  -- Sir Richard Attenborough	I find peacocks to be more gaudy than beautiful with their ridiculous proportions. 
*Stung.	Impaled*
But why?	cuz he's fly
&gt; cassette tapes. newlinechar  newlinechar What?	Cassette tapes.
Nice carry. Thanks for posting. How do you like the grid it? I have a maxpedition fatty but the elastic is slack and it doesnt hold stuff well. Im thinking about switching to a grid it.	I've only had it a few days. So far, I like it. I wish some of the straps were a bit tighter, but they are rubber-coated, so that does seem to prevent slipping. If the elastic doesn't loosen over time, it will be fine. 
1% of the population has enough money to pay half of the 99% to take down the other half.	Or you know, drones of all shapes and sizes, once they're able to build themselves. newlinechar  newlinechar 0.0000001% of the population could potentially enslave the rest, given proper automation.
I want to ten twenty on thirty.	Ten four.
This idea is genius lol	Imma name mine Pigeot and he can fly me everywhere
Was going to come in and reference this. Glad to see you had it covered. Have an upvote. 	Well thank you, kind sir.
As long as i get it all sometime, everything will be cool. newlinechar 	As long as i get it all for free, everything will be cool.
Don't be a jerk.	I'm not being a jerk.  I'm being logical - just because someone is a mod of a subreddit doesn't automatically make them trustworthy.  You're too trusting.
Whoa girl! I ain't no rebound!	You, sir..... you.
He's a solid 3rd choice defender	ouch
Who's xerath?	I think he's like Karma.
I personally like relevant_rule34, but i havent seen him in a while.	I miss him :(
Nice Review. Had never heard of this one before. Thanks!	Mackmyra is currently the biggest distillery in Sweden, and they are growing fast! Expect more from them in the coming years. :) newlinechar  newlinechar Some of their cask strengths is spectacularly good!
Songs are weird without the music part. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Also, is it just me or is this extremely misogynistic?	Songs without the music part is poetry. 
I honestly thought I was going insane, yet it was just another repost! ...sigh...	To be fair it's a different subreddit. At least OP had the decency to change subreddits before reposting.
His body is done with particle effects and invisible model file. I assume this texture replaces those particles on low settings.	No, I am convinced now that wisp will be a big cyan box. 
Hurray.	Your enthusiasm is sorely lacking.
You can't see that on the outside.	You could see the bulge if it's the size of a watermelon, but I don't think he'd be alive if he had that much cancer.
Oh, that's absolutely right! 100% on point.  He's a prime candidate.	[I'm not sure how you want us to take this comment.](http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=4330031689287456187#)
'... of all the souls I have encountered in my travels, his was the most... Human' newlinechar  newlinechar Yes this quote was not stated about Data, but I think it applies just as well.	It applies more, because Spock didn't even strive to be human, the jackass. 
'belch' is worse.	I gagged reading it.
who proceeds to vomit puppy chow in the son's ass...	And the son's chin deep in his sister's asshole, and she's SCREAMING at the top of her lungs so loud the neighbors are shutting their windows...
On account of all of his dicks.	Or the fucks he gave while they were shooting him. 
I like these more http://starletshowcase.blogspot.com/2009/10/twin-peeks.html	Thank you for sharing.
I wonder if STacey's mom is hot too.	She's definitely got it going on.
was he a ginger?	Unfortunately no. He was hot though. 
and if we get some interest im sure i could talk him into an ama	You have my interest!
Suits her really well	Indeed, she had a beautiful coat.  My condolences go out to you, OP.  
Richard G is pretty good about taking requests if you email him.	Thank you very much!
I actually think it has the potential to be the next Star Trek. I could seriously envision Community Conventions down the road. I'd go. 	I'd cosplay as Fat Neil.
[Off the top of my head, if you have not seen it 'Red Nightmare' with Jack Webb](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DuvHBgHyHh0) newlinechar  newlinechar  I am always looking for that kind of stuff its just a lot harder to find that one would think.  newlinechar  newlinechar Its on the list :)	Thanks! I hadn't seen Red Nightmare, but it was worth watching to learn about coffee on strawberries. Freedom sure can be yummy.
$30/1m right now, which means this bot is passively generating roughly $12/hour. Not bad. In fact, it's good enough that investing in a few more accounts seems worth it, even if they only last two more days. 	really? nice, I expected $1 per 100k not $3 (of course that was just a completely unfounded random guess on my part)
I've only bought post-2009 so I wasn't able to compare with what it was before that. However I still feel it's better than the various models I've tried with Trojan, Durex, and some other brands I don't quite remember. Downside is it still smells like latex (ew)	What does the box of the skinless skin ones look like? It doesn't seem to say 'skinless skin' on the box.
Oh, I did man. I did. 	Hey. HEY!  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Knock it off, you two. I don't want to have to separate you. 
Genius! SteveJobsLegalTeam!	Well, he did find a way to patent the rectangle. 
No, because then kiddies will vandalize the Betty Crocker wikipedia page with nonsense like 'Turns out Betty Crocker is literally hitler.'	Not Hitler. *Sea* Hitler. newlinechar  newlinechar Hitler of the Sea.
Would it be a crazy thought to think of her as your guardian angel... or at least guardian spirit? newlinechar  newlinechar Who knows, great story though!	yeah, seems she was actually helping u somehow the last couple of times... why she's so ugly is another story altogether
We just need people to abide to honesty. I shoot a 203 in a room everyone is dead in that room. 	Nuh uh, see! Im wearing a plate carrier so I would survive!
Or a black man.	*whoosh*
TwiLuna can suck it, this is best ship.	Them's fightin' words! newlinechar  newlinechar [](/twipride 'Actually, I like both.') [](/lunateehee) [](/rcelestiamad)
One book on jquery does NOT make you a software engineer :| no matter how many 'software engineers' call themselves that because they can copy paste javascript.	I'm an actual software engineer and I'm still never sure if I actually deserve the title 'engineer'. 
Greeks have an entire gender for males who have been castrated? is that, like, a thing? _	It is in the Summer Isles. 
Angel Beats. The music and visuals are awesome. The plot feels a bit rushed, but it doesn't ruin it. I wish more characters had been fleshed out, but the characters that are have great back story.	[Pianos having seizures and shit...](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLps0IGaPxE&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player)
excessive use. totally burnt out. has since been replaced. bed bath &amp; beyond FTW	i've gifted a few friends with them from bed bath &amp; beyond. wonderful.
Oranga-puntang	[Did somebody say Tang??](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LERd9HneHE)
Happy to [oblige](http://www.myconfinedspace.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/05/son-needs-salvation.jpg)	Hahaha, if that's real, I love how calm she is about it. I bet that could go consensual if he asked. 
'm having trouble to understand how five concurrent relationships could be healthy in the first place.	He doesn't specific romantic relationships - he could just have a large family.
You can craft it. 	Why are you being downvoted for stating facts.
The 5th commentor is a cunt. 	thats you.
Mom Died At Birth, Wind and Fire. 	Earth, Wind and Two-Ticket Frequent Flier?
We hear a fair bit. Particularly with the Queens Jubilee and the Olympics at the moment. There would be a story somehow involving the UK at least once every two days I'd say. Todays story is how our former Prime Minister received an Order of Merit from the Queen today.	I think the last thing I heard about you in the Uk was when Gillard refused to curtesy to the Queen.  newlinechar 
They're more like ten thousand moms...	50k likes on facebook. By my counts that makes much less than 5000 that aren't just slacktivists. Could be way less than 1000.
[So good](http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/35nuno/)	So true.
How about killing people not being the right of governments or human life being uniquely valuable?	Not all human life is valuable.
I had 3 bikes stolen in one week once. 	you must've had rich parents yet lived in a terrible neighbourhood.
I saw a cop car blocking visibility of a pedestrian crossing while he picked up his drycleaning. 	clothing emergency!
&gt; because the databases can be highly unreliable. newlinechar  newlinechar Really? Even peer reviewed works? I mean, I guess some could be unreliable because of who funds the research but still. Got any examples? (Not trying to argue, legitimately curious)  newlinechar  newlinechar edit: Spelling	I don't know if this is the kind of unreliable intended, but I find myself behind a lot of pay-walls for scholarly articles after being treated to a promising abstract. The sheer number of subscriptions one could own for Journal X and Review Y is boggling.
Most people do. They may not always be true to the story, but they're always entertaining when they aren't.	**TL;DR: Jesus drove into the store on a harley while giving an elderly person the finger**
i know, this made me happy! i love the lannisters. also we get to chop off eli's head. can't lose with this.	&gt; also we get to chop off eli's head. newlinechar  newlinechar Not before one of you fucks his own sister.
Literally?	*literally*
No, Dusty and the Krugmen!	*The Austrian Invasion* Featuring Peter Schiff and the Glittering Goldettes
You are the first person to say so, and holy shit, the second I read your comment it clicked. And I'm immensely flattered, errybodeh likes Kelly Kapowski.	I see the Kelly. newlinechar  newlinechar Live it up, young lass
Rickon to far right. Brandon left of him.	Can't tell if this is a spoiler or some sort of quip.
my brothers wife is a brit, and now every swearword in my vocabulary has been replaced with 'cunt' 'twat' 'furious' and 'curious'.	Throw 'bell end' at her some time. She how she reacts.
I'm the same way, I'm from WA and whenever Oregon or Washington get mentioned in anything I'm like '[yay](http://i.imgur.com/Gh77i.gif) someone noticed us!'	I've noticed this trend here on Reddit. But I still get excited every time. 
Good to know. Has she been collateral damage before?	Nope. Never been hit. :P
She was breast feeding outside and basically after pulling the baby away she left her boob exposed while we had a conversation.  newlinechar  newlinechar 	[I imagine that this was what your conversation looked like...](http://imgur.com/nIoQx)
actually theres a *lot* wrong with that	why are vagina's crying?
I'm pretty sure they are used as such, considering that Pokemon holding items can be placed in Pokeballs, and items in-game are displayed as Pokeballs.	that's what i thought, like you're always finding items inside of what look like pokeballs.  newlinechar  newlinechar but what about theft? couldn't someone just pokeball zap a diamond and run away with it?
&gt;Still don't know how this video wasn't banned yet. newlinechar  newlinechar That didn't explain *jack shit*.	Read the uploader comments.  That is what explains it
Actually, he looks japanese, trains over there come every few minutes.	Not unlike a chronic masterbater 
Fuck man I don't know what to believe anymore.	Don't worry about it. Karmanaut is just digging himself and even bigger hole every time he tries to justify his bans.
Sounds like you've made a good decision. The next few days are going to be rough. Do some exploring here, there is lots of good advice on this site. Best of luck. 	I am worrying more about the fact that I will never have fun again then anything else. The good side might be that my hands won't shake anymore.
You forgot the main part: *can't be independently verified*	I assume everyone is telling the truth until I have evidence otherwise. What evidence do you have that stophitting.org is misrepresenting the truth?
Damn you my milk is everywhere.	This is a common result of yiffing.
As someone who has an engineer as an SO who works in a shipyard, I can tell you, it's beyond phenomenal. 	What kind of boat things need to be operated by an engineer during these kind of conditions?
She's definitely got it going on.	She's all i want and I have waited for so long.
... the one thing I dislike about myself the most. Yup.	It might be distinctive, but it certainly doesn't look bad! From a straight males point at least, you're a good looking guy, haha.
upvote for randall-quote.	I'm just glad someone got the reference.
TIL there's an actual term for people like this. I've been saying this about Ann Coulter forever.	She is the very first person mentioned by name in the article!
To be fair that's why there's a '[x-post]' 	You're right, [this can only mean one thing!](http://i.imgur.com/sT1XM.png)
Awesome, I'll try to upload some WIP images this weekend.	Looking forward to it! I should have Troy, Abed, Pierce and maybe Jeff done by the end of the day.
motion SENSORED	motown censured
Why... why are they pink? Awesome find, but I'm confused.	'Propionibacterium acne will produce quasi-porphyrin during the process of catabolism. Under the UV light, this material will appear in fluorescent brown or red color.'
[This is me, looking at the data](http://image.shutterstock.com/display_pic_with_logo/256714/256714,1292116175,1/stock-vector-scientist-mixing-chemicals-in-a-bold-way-67017892.jpg) newlinechar  newlinechar [This is you, expressing your opinion](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/--ozbXkTLXWY/Tu1d7qMBWDI/AAAAAAAAGp8/VM3Xvys-ITw/s1600/Total_Idiot.jpg)	Hahah! True. Well played Sir.  newlinechar My durpness has been multiplied today due to extreme tiredness. :|
In my line of work I'm more likely to get bit by the bat than scratched. Then again thats why I have rabies vaccination. 	My scrolling stopped just short of the word 'Vaccination' and I though 'Oh shit!' to myself.
*wink*	Wait, did you say wink or did you wink?
I always wonder if I'm the only person who consistently overestimates the amount of jungle juice I can drink.	You're certainly not alone; overestimation of alcohol capacity is the primary purpose of jungle juice.
When I read TriMet I thought i was in /r/Portland. Turns out some advise animals live here too.	Turns out you're still confused as to what subreddit you're in. 
Reddit should have a way to move submissions without having to delete them.	/r/ideasfortheadmins maybe?
Besides the horror genre, one thing that I liked was how it explained why there weren't any waterbenders in the Southern Water Tribe.	I always assumed it was The same reason there were no adult me in the tribe,  kinda like how there were no adult men in [Pokemon](http://www.dorkly.com/article/13484/the-dorklyst-6-more-of-the-greatest-videogame-theories-on-the-internet)
I heard blizzard announces every time they ban accounts.	Lol no but the botting community cries for days. 
What area of chemistry are you interested in? Or just general chem? I love the idea of it and wish my brain would take to it more easily. 	I spent a year teaching the Intro Chem class at my university, and if there's ever anything about Chemistry as a subject you want to know, let me know!  I love teaching it.
Why so many upvotes/downvotes? Is it or isn't it? 	That's called &lt;Spongebob&gt;COOOOOONTROVEEEERSY!&lt;/Spongebob&gt;
Or like Wolverine's skeleton! That would be so badass.	I know! newlinechar Only problem is that adamantium is purely fictional. So i guess titanium is the best second choice. 
You didn't imagine it, you probably met [Uncle Leo](http://fallout.wikia.com/wiki/Uncle_Leo).	Well waddaya know, I'm not crazy. newlinechar Thanks for that link, kdraper :)
underwater basket weaving? its in great demand yo.	Ugh, my degree in Petroleum Engineering just isn't cutting it.
I think it *might* be a sociolinguistic thing. The societal norms of lovers baby-talking amongst themselves perpetuates it. newlinechar  newlinechar That does, however, beg a few questions. When did it start? Why did it start? Is 'baby-talk' seen in other cultures and languages?	I know its done in spanish. I recently became very aware of it, specifically with /s/ becoming [], at least in lects where they maintain /s/ in some form. ie [besito] = [beito]
Usually there's no handy multimeter when you are changing out the battery from a dead pedal on stage as fast as you can and you don't know which of the handful of 9Vs you have is good.	You don't use AC adapters for those? You're gonna have a bad time.
Well, if you do not know by now, most people [in the world] discriminate against labourers, and most Indians in Kuwait are labourers, so there you have it.	Yea I don't think people everywhere look down upon labourers. Atleast they aren't treated like animals like the Kuwaitis treat them
I have the biggest nail crush on you, Kyoti. 	[:3](http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/oh-stop-it-you.png)
I have astraweb and pay with PayPal.. Took 20 seconds to work. Fully saturates my 100Mbit line and I'm very happy. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: make sure you use a referral (like the one in the sidebar) for the $11/month instead of $16	96$ deal a year! :) http://www.news.astraweb.com/specials/voucher.cgi?t=zgufplhxfr2cwsw
Reflection of what?  Where?	God I hope he was kidding.
This server seems awesome......	I'm not entirely sure how to respond to that, so here is a [gif](http://i.imgur.com/lQ2RC.gif) of a black guy nodding. newlinechar  newlinechar 
The queen doesn't have a bulletproof popemobile. newlinechar  newlinechar She does, however, have a SAS.	Not true, she has many SAS.
It's like you're doing work for the villagers and getting paid for the work.	Woah.
Nope, I'm a pro-lifer and I'm an atheist. 	Would you vote to make abortion illegal?
Southern California ain't so cool now, huh? [](/scootaloo)	Is he in the SoCal desert? Thought not.  newlinechar  newlinechar Come up here where's it 95 on a cool day, then start bitching.  newlinechar  newlinechar [](/ajsup)
I do say I thoroughly enjoyed this most proper translation, and as such deem it most worthy. newlinechar  newlinechar Other submissions above this noble comment do seem to take the form of senseless jargon, while others fail to bring forth the quotation's true definition.	[Second](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_OemNp6hgX4)
I don't get the broken arm comment, please explain. Also you think he would mind of uncle idiot stopped by? (I am the touchy uncle but I ain't touching him)	Some dude broke his arm and asked his mother to jerk him off. Naturally, she said yes and it blossomed into a lovely sexual relationship.
Seriously, how good was Robert Downey Jr. as a black man?	Four. He was four good.
Am I too late?	all y'all should join together and come down to a Top Gear episode taping sometimes....
I'm sure you weren't trying to be a dick, and your response was definitely appreciated. I knew you were right pretty much immediately.	Dicks never try to be dicks.  They just are.
never heard this band, pretty sick	You NEED to check out Fuck Your Emotional Bullshit and I Could Do Whatever I Wanted If I Wanted. Great records.
Am I?	You ain't.
He's made a huge mistake	this would put a dent in his finances
This guy would know!  newlinechar  newlinechar He *is* a Paladin, after all. 	Paladins don't sacrifice NPCs. They lay paws on them. Glorious, furry, golden paws of affirmation and assurance!
Indeed! I would just walk in and say 'Yeah my housemates bolted this around my neck and left house with the key. I don't care, I'm here for a job interview which is more important.' Shows dedication!	They might decide your housemates are so retarded as to render you unreliable, and then not hire you. : (
Does anyone else feel like it's getting bigger every time?	I know, its strange...
The Rocky Mountains are in Alberta.	I always thought of Alberta as 'east of the Rockies and west of the rest'
That is the shit. Where do you get them?	hbo store, total came out to be about $40
&gt;the reddit gang sign newlinechar  newlinechar Oh god, I vaguely remember this. What was it again? Something with your index and middle finger crossed scratching your cheek, right?	Nope. http://imgur.com/fTdKs
dries faster. Don't want your underwear getting wet.	Because arse hair
Full credit, where it's due: [Book Spoilers](/b 'http://www.buzzfeed.com/keenan/game-of-thrones-season-2-recapped-in-gifs')	Thanks for linking that, could have told me theres was an enormous spoiler wall of text in the comments. Cheers for that.
I'm crying laughing.	Your tag is amazingly relevant. :)
Are you some sort of wizard?	He obviously jumped in his tardis, went back to that day, stood in front of him and took the picture. newlinechar  newlinechar Obviously.
I just found a [follow-up](http://holmes-and-watson.tumblr.com/post/19749788179) where John can't be bothered to deny it anymore...	Haha! 'Got any crisps?' Isn't exactly a no is it? :p newlinechar  newlinechar Oh John&lt;3
Nope. Never been hit. :P	^^^^^^ This is Laura, the one who took the pictures.
Metal Gear is my favorite series, and I want so badly to look forward to this. It just feels so dirty and forced, though.	I think it's supposed to be taken less seriously than the other games. 
Another relaxing hobby is to go to your nearest Marineland and help the trainers clean a whale's vagina.	is this actually a thing? It sounds fun and i kind of want to do it..
?	SEE? HE IS LOGICALLY_FLAWED! NOT ME. THIS THREAD IS FUCKING POINTLESS. 
**BUT MOOR BOOLETS MEENS MOOR KILLING!**	**MOOR BOOLETS IN BETTER SPOOT MEENS MOOR COWARD KILLING!** newlinechar 
But ska is great. newlinechar 	[Ska sucks!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F03gEzdLa2g)
I hope someday to get a second chance at a 15 mins of fame, something like winning the lotto or eating the most cheesecake in a single sitting =)	Now that I know of your cheesecake plans you have a new rival. 
intakes dont do shit compared to OEM.	I had good results with an AEM V2.
I wish people would realize it's actually all about Will Swan. He's the man behind the curtain that no one seems to pay any attention to.	Will Swan needs no intro. Everyone knows he's the shit. newlinechar 
Upgrade to the 6770 go for 2x2gb ram for dual channel unless you plan on upgrading it in the very near future.  newlinechar  newlinechar 	dual channel increased performance almost by zero.  I used to think like you did then someone corrected me.  Much better to go with 4gb one stick.
[](/squintyjack) I hate how fair he is.	[](/priceless 'Oh, and you know the thing about chaos? It's fair!')
You look fun and you both look a little dorky :P What kind of music do you guys play? Your style makes me think you'd play music I'd listen to 	Jimi Hendrix and Red Hot Chili Peppers? We also play Radiohead. As long if it sounds good on the acoustic, we're playin' it. And a lot.
Context?	We were talking about birthstones and she had an emerald and mine was ruby, because i saw a post earlier and i wanted to know other peoples. So i called her a Rayquaza.
I really like how this post has zero upvotes, meaning you thought this post wasn't even worthy of the default self upvote. 	It was sort of a late-night, desperate attempt at getting some karma. I'm not that good with people my age, because I'm not really sure what they find funny. So I usually end up making sex jokes until someone laughs and I can feel good about myself.
Thanks for the link, I'll look into it. newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah, I'm skeptical,  but I'm not going to fall back on assumptions and stories from friends' friends from years ago about the horrors of improper pet diets.  Ahem...	Skepticism is good, but don't leave it at that.
The traffic code is basically a bunch of polite suggestions.  newlinechar  newlinechar Driving abroad has been an eye-opening and expensive experience for me.	&gt; The traffic code is basically a bunch of polite suggestions. newlinechar  newlinechar That's why Greeks are known to be bad drivers. Same goes for all South Europe countries.
What? Do people actually do this?	Yes. And rotten shrimp is probably the absolute most dry-retch inducing horror ever created. 
Perhaps you are out of touch with today's public schools. The hate comes from sheer ignorance, insecurity, and fear. Religion helps, of course, but it is certainly not required.	Exactly. I live in Norway, where atheists grow on trees. This doesn't stop gay or any other kind of different kids from being social outcasts simply because they are different.
What's the most important tool for French military surveillance? newlinechar  newlinechar Rear-view mirrors.	What's the French military salute? newlinechar *holds hands over head* newlinechar  newlinechar That one definitely works better when the people you're telling it to can see you...
'moot point'. A mute point would be a point incapable of making sound, or the pointy end of a conical mute for some kind of instrument. ;) newlinechar  newlinechar That said good point.  newlinechar 	Thank you for correcting me. I really need to get better about proof reading my posts on here specially as stupid auto correct seems to have it out for me. 
I'm still wondering why Rick Scott isn't in jail. Over a billion in Medicare/Medicaid fraud yet no one is held personally responsible.	Unbelievable. That's Florida for you.
Blaster Thorax? Now we're talking my language. newlinechar  newlinechar (Though I'm still behind getting some missile boats out there) newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Also, can we get some of these parts trucked in? I'd buy a couple thoraxi if they showed up on the market.	I second this, as a Gallente pilot, I'd totally be willing to chip in for some thorax action. newlinechar EDIT: Also, can we find these fittings in the corp fittings browser? Would be helpful for us new people.
Seriously? AHHH I'm sorry! I seriously thought they were!	It's okay friend. We all make mistakes.
Maybe not defenseless, but undeniably innocent, this poor creature was minding her own business when some humans decided to chain her to a wall, shave her, and fuck her ass. newlinechar 	I'm just curious as to what kind of person wakes up and thinks 'I think I'll go rape an orangutan today, yea that sounds good'. Humans are a truly bizarre species.
fyi that means yes...I am a delivery driver.	Quick question, does pizza hut test you before they hire? I was thinking of applying as a part time thing for extra cash for my flower collection.
[](/rdstare) Only a few?	[](/sbstare) Only a few Know the Truth.
I keep hearing that Toledo, Ohio is one of the largest human trafficking cities on the globe, because it's a Midwest port that leads to the ocean. newlinechar  newlinechar Doesn't surprise me, Toledo is awful.	i hope max klinger never has to know this. ;_;
You know, I never thought about which of the two is larger 	Ego or physical size???
They promised a double IP weekend for a completely different thing though. The Facebook likes had nothing to do with the other reward, but people complained about it anyways.	You get out of here with your logic witchcraftery
remove that hazard	not always possible. you can't remove the kitchen stove. you can't remove all electrical outlets. you can't remove second story windows. not only can you not do those things but you're in 'unreasonable' territory now. 
Yea because usually after I use his R I am pretty much oom and I have to b which is really annoying in lane	But that's...50 mana refunded, you have one opportunity to shoot a 40 mana Q at level 6, and it is standard procedure to just not even level W(in **most** cases) until after lane phase. 
Mhm, also many that play only 1 or 2 champions.	That's not really competitively viable though, is it?
I'm going to have to try to find a way to use newphewson in everyday conversation. 	just make friends with some rednecks, and talk about their children. 
Danke comrade!	These guys are very persistent. Sorry.
You underestimate man's ability to be a douche. 	and posting the find on here will certainly not help preventing this i'm afraid
Ham and cheese panini with shrooms. Masked the taste perfectly 	What kinda cheese *drool*
I thought it was going to be Letters to Cleo. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5w2YLdjxS_M&amp;feature=related	That's a good guess. I kind of had a feeling that Hard to Handle was what the OP was looking for. newlinechar  newlinechar Oh well, at least we get Turtle Wax car polish as parting gifts.
Came here to comment on the price, Tesco's was doing that for less then 30 over xmas. Same price as 75cl bottle of Wild Turkey, Guess they do have to ship it over though	Haven't the US put crazy taxes on famous European products as a mean to make us understand that they didn't like their hormones-stuffed beef being banned in Europe? newlinechar  newlinechar But yeah I thought that was expensive too.
They probably didn't expect a judge that understood the case.	Well, I'm damn glad he did.
They're all adults (and some even in their 20s). 	now i feel really fucking old
Boners.	there is a rap song in there somewhere.
I suspect hes referring to the time henry and pires tried that type of cruyff penalty and failed.	Definitely sounds like it. For those who might be interested, [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJHN1mN5SCg) is the Cruyff penalty kick, and [here's](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzPMvAIrtQs) the Pires/Henry attempt.  
i don't think thats going to happen. She's had the chance for a while.	Do you know if it causes her noticeable balance issues?
[I.. uhhh..](http://cdn2.holytaco.com/wp-content/uploads/images/2009/12/1274465753023.gif)	What?! No!
Doctor Who episode 'Tooth and Claw'. There's a lot of Game of Thrones actors who are Doctor Who alum, but I'd never connected these two.	the guys who played Viserys, was also one of the people under the control of the aliens in the 'Family of Blood' episode.
'gamma hacks' newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I lol'd.	I used the word hacks for brevity, it's established it's not a hack but it does give an unfair advantage tho those to change the settings to their advantage to those who don't.
I mean it's not like 'Captain America' is the pinnacle of creativity in the first place.	Sure, but a knock-off of an unoriginal name should be regarded as 1000x less creative. 
thats you.	She is most likely not quite right in the head
I doubt any of my high school compatriots would recognize that as having value though.	Hi, War. How's it going?
Yes, this is dog.	___________________________________________________________ newlinechar  newlinechar ^ Across this line, no more memes. 
I had 10 days of posts disappear all from may 1 - may 10  most of which were pertaining to all the intersecting factors that pointed to a possible false flag attack in Chicago, (thank God that didn't happen!)	Im not huge on the whole conspiracy stuff i mean fairly new to it all but that was just something that made me look back and think 'ohhhhh shit' haha
Why 1. 1 it is.	That's a very 1 statement. 
'For as long as I'm your king, treason will never go unpunished. Syr Ilyn bring me his head'	I'm really happy I read the books first. I would have been supremely pissed off.
Isn't it the biggest working airport in Berlin. *chuckle*	Hey now, in just a short 8 months Berlin will have a nice new airport. Maybe.
Could you possibly link some recommended songs by the bands you've mentioned?	These are the songs I would choose: newlinechar  newlinechar [Vanir](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDixGaUUArw) newlinechar  newlinechar [Morgawr](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q1-Xtsezhdc) newlinechar  newlinechar [Svartsot](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASTpggN6ofQ) newlinechar  newlinechar Although I'm sure others will prefer other songs from their libraries. newlinechar 
I love the name of that one televangelist, Creflo A. Dollar. Sounds like a scam, 'I'm just going to creflo a dollar or two from these gullible idiots'. Brilliant.	Don't forget about Peter Popoff's magic 'Miracle Spring Water' that makes money flow right into your mailbox and your debts get paid off. He got in trouble when James Randi exposed him for fraud and filed bankruptcy. Funny how people still send him money...
It's because he made the same mistake you're making. The role of independent scientific advisor to the government is to parrot the political policy of the government. What do you think they're supposed to do, provide independent scientific advice?	This was what left me so genuinely angry about the whole affair. It was just so revoltingly transparent.
*Waaaaaaant.*	You and me both, buddy.
This is why we fight.	[](/katana)
[](/smooze)[](/rsmooze) [](/smooze)[](/rsmooze) Nothing can stop the smooze!	Smooze 1:1 For the Smooze shall cover everything, and everything shall cover the Smooze. newlinechar  newlinechar So Speaketh The Smooze.
Is this true of both salt-brined pickles and vinegar-preserved pickles?	Vinegar is just acetic acid, which isn't really an electrolyte that your body would need replenished because of physical activity, whereas the ions in the salt used for brining (Na+ and Cl-, for example) are.
Galio's harass is way too strong with blue	If he can hit them with his Q in the first place (it's *beyond* slow) ... and it's a mighty long CD even with blue. This isn't Ryze we're talking about.
So can we expect an upcoming patch?	If they could fix co-op dogtags that can't be unlocked (since the first day of release... back in 2011) before minor graphic problems on dogtags I would be happy too.
busele and conarmal. The other two words are the book-generated portion of reCaptcha, not the test, so you can write whatever you want for them.	...yes; did you read the first sentence?
My friend is the same and she takes a worse Anybody but England line than me!!! newlinechar  newlinechar You know it can work out that it's a RoI England quarter final..	haha sounds like a friend of mine too. I don't' know, just can't hate on either country. If it came down to it I would probably pull for Ireland but in the meantime I'll be cheering for both.
for future SLI and extreme CPU overclocks its gunna be nice to have expendable power.. still probably overkill , but hey.. more power :D	Nothing is overkill when it comes to making a badass pc... Except a floppy drive
All you really need to do is rearrange things. Split sentences up, rearrange words, use thesaurus, put sentences back together. Proofread and edit, make sure its coherent. Bingo, done.	Protip: This doesn't always fool Turnitin, SafeAssign, or several other software programs. Also, if you actually take the time to do it well enough to fool them and your teacher who can probably recognize your writing level, you're doing more work than writing the paper in the first place.
Spoiler: newlinechar [Except for the fact that malgus is a traitor to the empire] (/spoiler)	Some speculation for you: http://www.loregy.com/star-wars-the-old-republic/darth-malgus/
richmond field station or recreational sports facility newlinechar  newlinechar i'm assuming RSF.	Yes, the Recreational Sports Facility. newlinechar  newlinechar Funny thing about college; everything is an acronym.  It's like a secret code.  That's how you separate the students from the tourists.
Seriously? Nationwide? That's like medieval internet. I got 110/50 for 35 a month now (Finland). 350/50 would be 60 a month but 110 is good enough for me.	wtf? 350/50 is virtually unheard of here.
Wasn't there a metal spike sticking out of the ground during the last Packers/Bears game there?	There was indeed, I mentioned it to a Bear fan who completely denied it, but I saw it.
There was a reason... newlinechar  newlinechar Its really quite simple.... newlinechar  newlinechar Haven't figured it out yet? newlinechar  newlinechar Your brother is awesome.	Agreed, don't know what this is doing in /r/WTF.   newlinechar The world would be a better place if more people had as much balls as him and wear what they feel like.
They...still use the Dewey Decimal System. How do you think you go from finding a book on the library's computer catalog podium to getting the book in your hands?	I just mean the cards, but good point. I.... Am not a smart man.
[video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXjtiDn4kVI)	I noticed you posting this video got you two downvotes. Fuck you for providing a source?
finding it very hard to see 12% in those pics	dude this is 12% if not less. 15% is a lot and he has hardly any fat 
Have you looked into pressing charges? Maybe it seems harsh, but there's no justification for what he did.	It will also keep him in the country and safe
medic was also pointing this out...  maybe rddt should face tg.  I think'd be fun.  You think it'd be fun to try it out?	If TG is up for it, I can't see why not. 
You have single-handedly redeemed anything wrong with the entire thread with that.	Don't worry, [OP is full of shit](http://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/uf37m/my_brother_was_deployed_in_iraq_2_years_ago_this/c4uvscw).
&gt; I thought that the visuals for the reprise of This Day Aria would be better like this. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar ~ Michael Bay	Those beams were in the [original edit too](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJw0ktrsv6w). newlinechar  newlinechar He flipped around the two scenes with the guards being captured/the family to better suit the lyrics.
Damn glass failed in it's mission to end him once and for all. 	Just have to wait for the fans to mob &amp; crush him 
What in the holy hell does rebagle mean?	I think he might mean reblog.
Looks like a hit-and-run except OP was the one that committed the offense.  Despicable.  	&gt;Looks like a hit-and-run except OP was the one that committed the offense for **karma**. newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY.
They'll do anything to get that bucket back.	Wasn't that a manatee?
We retired a dmx-3 for these new bad boys. There is another array as well. The one pictured is mostly chock full of ssd storage.	You *retired* dmx-3?! [Por que no los dos?](http://i.imgur.com/ZPQfl.gif)
I find it funny that 9gag is worse than meatspin to you...	What's so terrible about meatspin? newlinechar 
Mathewson just sitting there like a boss. The original Freak, no doubt.	And right next to him, John McGraw. God, to have him manage the Giants today...
I remember reading somewhere that Rachmaninov actually preferred Horowitz's interpretation of the 3rd piano concerto.	yeah, he did. he said of horowitz's interpretation This is the way I always dreamed my concerto should be played, but I never expected to hear it that way on Earth. (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sergei_Rachmaninoff#Friendship_with_Vladimir_Horowitz)
All animals are innocent(whether viscous or not) because they cannot tell the difference between right and wrong.  	I can tell you from first hand experience that [slime molds](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slime_mold) are pretty damn [viscous](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Viscosity), and they're usually guilty of doing something uncouth.
Well I thought we could share stories about the funny messages people send us over live, to be honest I'm new to the whole posting discussions thing and couldn't figure out how to get a 'main comment' along with the link 	Don't sweat it, that complain wasn't 'funny or interesting', and nobody made the guy look at your post anyway.
They all had their own weeks. This weeks flavor is double whamo of  Darius/Draven	I think he is talking about  newlinechar &gt;(Riot seems to have a thing with V's S's A's U's and D's as of recently... the logical next name
Well, did you charge him with child endangerment or not? newlinechar  newlinechar In all seriousness... newlinechar  newlinechar What did you do? Did he cool down eventually?	I walked to a friends house and spent the night there. My phone died, so I thought I was going to be in huge trouble when I got home, but it seemed like no one noticed I was gone. For whatever reason he didn't talk to me for months. 
I do play them, but they were all made by [David G. Monette Corporation](http://www.monette.net/newsite/).	cool stuff!
If we're talkin' *eye-for-an-eye*-type justice, then the jokes on you! I don't even have a vagina.	Dat earf pussy
EINHORN IS A MAAANNNN!!!!!!!!	[MMhmhhm!](http://img98.imageshack.us/img98/9961/plungerface.gif)
At first you want to laugh, but then you remember that she can probably vote.	...and also reproduce.  newlinechar 
Better than hitching a ride with Russia and cramming their astronauts into a tiny Soyuz capsule.	Plus paying like 12 million per astronaut. Dont quote me on that, thats just what i remember reading. 
[Goats can have long horns](http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20101210012026/uncyclopedia/images/3/39/Irish_Goat.jpg) newlinechar  newlinechar If you told me somebody hit you with their arm, I would not assume that person only has one arm because you did not specify they had two. I'm not saying there aren't unicorns, I'm saying this is not evidence.	Wouldya mind putting a NSFW tag on that next time. That beast is deeeeead sexy.
Hooray, let's celebrate by buying liquor at the grocery store tomorrow!	Let's go cheer for the Soni-oh... I made myself sad...
Same here. Which also makes this show much more watchable than a show like Chopped, which has judging all throughout the episode.	The judges on chopped are actual competent chefs, though
this was discussed before here too and we concluded that he was kind of wrong. newlinechar cause my phone is fine. newlinechar  newlinechar goto [time.is](http://time.is)	My Android phone was off by half a second whereas my laptop was off by 2.5 seconds.
Oh, *that's* what `$` was supposed to stand for&amp;hellip; newlinechar  newlinechar You've just solved a mystery I've lived under for something like two decades.	And don't forget % for integers, and &amp; for bytes.
It's a problem that downvotes still get abused for not agreeing with somebodys opinion. :/  newlinechar 	I think that people just don't understand, that up/downvote is not a facebook 'I Like' button, but rather a 'this post is relevant / irrelevant to the topic at hand'.
oddly shaped head + hearing aid + sitting in parents lap = my assumption  	She looks like someone who has had brain cancer for 10 years.  newlinechar  newlinechar (Also, she looks lovely. Happy birthday, Becca!)
I think police actually backed off. The students might have used the police presence to entice a riot. newlinechar  newlinechar Entertaining watching the 'power of students' regardless.	Holy shit a riot? I'm gonna go wait by yoobee. 
I'm an atheist. I'm a little more hesitant to admit this now that I've been on reddit for a little while. They've got a bad reputation on here. I like to call myself a secular humanist--sounds pretentious but I think it better represents my beliefs. 	I sung in the church choir for eleven years. When I was old enough to choose for myself I decided I was atheist.  newlinechar  newlinechar Now that I've seen the hate atheists on Reddit have for religion, I feel more agnostic or agnostic-atheist. 
I just imagine an evolved alien species observing us from outer orbit, covering their three eyes with their eight-fingered hands, and going: 'What is this, this is insane...'   newlinechar  newlinechar Our world is like r/spacedicks to the rest of the universe.	Considering a lot of different species of animals are doing shits like rape, it's safe to assume that any alien species would have been at least as much depraved as the human specie currently is.
Married to a nurse... I feel your pain. newlinechar  newlinechar Romantic dinners seem to attract the most nauseating stories. 	It's a depressing job (dating a medical professional) newlinechar 
I wouldn't agree with that, no.	So statelessness is in itself not worth striving for?
Jeremy his name is how I love.	Love is how I name his Jeremy.
I am 15 years old. I  always hang out with my sister's friends, (who are all in their 20s) and they are the ones who showed me Reddit.  	Player.
I don't see why not, libraries still use them. Instead of using card catalogs now though, they're all in a computer database. Everything's still listed by the DDS though. newlinechar  newlinechar That is, if kids even go to libraries anymore. ;_;	All I remember about my school's library was that I couldn't check out the big Guinness World Records book because it was 'a reference book'. Man, fuck libraries.
Exactly. I am a little disappointed, it ruined a lot in D2 IMO. newlinechar  newlinechar I added a better screenshot to my original post.	repeat it with  another item and I'll be convinced
My differential equations professor told the frat-guy variation of this joke.  Went surprisingly well.	Q: What is blue and doesn't fit? A: A dead epileptic.
Eventually someone will have to do it to help mankind progress. Someone were the first to die at sea, someone were the first to die in space.	I think i'd die happy knowing I was the first person to die on mars.
Thank you! I usually get when the spelling correction on cell phones mess things up (typing on one at the moment), but this one looked so *out there* that it eluded my sensors. I figured I just missed another weird reference.	Yeah don't sweat it dude. I just spend about 5 minutes googling 'peso ear' to figure out what the joke was &gt;.&lt;
&gt; The traffic code is basically a bunch of polite suggestions. newlinechar  newlinechar That's why Greeks are known to be bad drivers. Same goes for all South Europe countries.	I wouldn't call it bad ...more like reckless. The way people drive here, you have to be good otherwise you're fucked.
Do you know if it causes her noticeable balance issues?	no. She danced for a long time. Still does occasionally.
I got so excited I double clicked to upvote twice. After a bit of a pause, I clicked the third time.	[haruko](http://www.reddit.com/r/StencilTemplates/comments/rinvy) and [takun](http://www.reddit.com/r/StencilTemplates/comments/n85ua/cat_anime_flcl_fooly_cooly_furi_curi_takun_kitten/)
The only problem is that dragqueen_throwaway wouldn't really be able to prove his story; it's fine for the more laid-back /r/casualiama, but I think more evidence would be necessary at /r/iama.	I actually messaged the mods at /r/iama and they suggested I post here. I'm actually pretty new to reddit, my friend suggested I post here.
http://i715.photobucket.com/albums/ww152/katie_kellyyy/33541eae.jpg	op delivers! brava!
And you will suck. You'll see people half your age that are much better than you. Don't let them discourage you from having fun. We all start somewhere.	Exactly. I broke my wrist on my first drop in, and before going to the hospital I tried again, with everyone laughing/worried. newlinechar And did I rock that shit.
Ah a month is too long. I wish they would've released the teasers like a week before the comeback.	Yeah, now we can only hope for the girls to reveal random hints about the new single.
Troede 'profit' var det engelske ord for avance.. ;) Men der er selvflgelig altid synonymer..	Hvis man taler specifikt om hvor meget der er lagt ekstra oven p noget der skal slges vil man kalde det Markup. I hvert fald i Irland :) newlinechar 
You guys are like the awesome gif couple.  If there was a First Couple of the Internet competition, I'd vote for you.	Totally. Like, actually *call in* to vote for you.
*'Gibson, who could not be reached for comment, was ordered initially to pay a $600 a month toward their support. But in the last year, county officials said she didnt have to pay anything, citing a lack of income and employment.'* newlinechar  newlinechar Pathetic	This woman is just one of those strains on society that should have been swallowed....fuck her and everything about her. 
She had her arm raped off?	Yes. And then she was raped with it.
Loved your captions man! Great story.	Thanks! I'm really happy that this is such a wonderful game with such a great community.
Exactly. Oh, I have so many John feels in this episode. Well, actually in any episode, really. :)	Same here! John is just so...&lt;3! newlinechar  newlinechar [I've become such a *huge* Martin Freeman fangirl recently.](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lo9z6fXPSJ1qz762fo1_500.png)
No, still waiting for them	I really want to listen to some of his answers to a couple of the questions that were asked, they were incredibly insightful! :D
being alone in general .. 	That to.  Trust me, That to.
GoodGuyData.jpeg newlinechar 	Seriously .jpeg? I think Data is compressed enough.
Well he IS the true King	psshh... the Mother of Dragons ftw!
[Half Life 2](http://i446.photobucket.com/albums/qq185/steams_baconeggs/Gabe_Trollface.jpg?t=1276568221)	Why the down votes? I found it funny :) (was going to make the same joke myself...)
I can't recall what the apps called but there is a tweak to make the battery warnings come in via banners. newlinechar  newlinechar edit: oh I looked at my apps.  It's Notificator and it also handles OP's issue as well.	LowPowerBanner is a free option that just handles battery notifications as banners.
Yup came to say this. newlinechar  newlinechar FFP means you can spend as much money as you earn, Chelsea apparently earnt something like 100m from the CL and have only spent around 70-80m so far	http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-2134949/Chelsea-await-record-pay-day-Champions-League-final.html?ITO=1490 newlinechar  newlinechar This article states they made about 45m
Yay, no context at all. Could be there investigating a murder or could be getting donuts, but at least people will get to feel smug.	I actually see this as nothing to be smug about, if that really is a picture of a cop car getting a fine, then it is one governemt department taking money from another and paying someone to do it, all on taxpayer time and money.
Left one looks better because the sole and uppers match.  	The next step is to clean the canvas
I woke up once with a bad hangover and a dreadful vague memory of formatting my hard drive and visiting ebay... newlinechar  newlinechar Turns out I totally fixed my computer and bought a drum kit! drunk me ftw!	ahh I have vague memories like that :)
that's pretty depressing, considering that plenty of animals do really fucked up shit to each other as well, on a daily basis, and no animal law is there to stop them.	Wise words that will sadly fall on cupped ears. 
Can't you put them through the washing machine?  I want to say I've done this before but I can't be certain newlinechar 	You can, just make sure you don't put it on to hot or you will get curved shoes...
THE JIMMIES newlinechar  newlinechar THEY RUSTLE	[Shh, no tears, only dreams now.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0_8TpLi0wo) 
I thought the top comment would be 'Is your boyfriend TIR?' ... I should've suspected he'd be here getting the karma himself. 	Nah, OP only said 8 hours.
Honestly, it seems like nearly every site out there except Ars is bullshit.	Reddit is at least full of hivemind groupthink bullshit, which is a tastier, more pleasant variety than the regular egotistical bullshit that seems so common everywhere else. It's like it was lovingly crafted by thousands of vicious and opinionated little honeybees.
Schrdinger's (pillow) box; both.	Does it not need some sort of cat killing mechanism inside the fort might go of randomly at any given time for it to be a Schrdinger's cat pillow fort?
I want to fuck her and tell her it's okay.	Okay, tell her I just want to fuck her.
I know I was just saying what I used to think, and then using that as a weak pretense to link to one of my favorite articles.  I'm looking back at my post while writing this one and realizing just how unclear that was.	ok
I don't HAVE a sister... 0.o newlinechar But thanks for the updates!	He meant mom.  And you DO have a sister...
Misread faces as feces. Not sure which is more terrifying.	 (e) All of the above was the appropriate answer.
Forgive my ignorance, but is this a serious reply? newlinechar 	No.
&gt;13 year old girl is evidence that people are into *pubescent* girls	Ah, sorry. My eyes must've  slipped a bit there.
More evidence that if you act like you're supposed to be doing whatever it is you're doing, or act like you're supposed to be where you are, the less people will question it. 	I learned this when I was much younger and much looser, morally. It is stunning how true it is.
The apprenticeship wage is 90 per week. Works out at about 2.60ph. newlinechar  newlinechar I did it back in 2003, and now I am the manager of my IT Services department! So the system works!	I can understand if you left school with no qualifications but surely you don't need to train for 12 months to become a receptionist? What actual skill are you learning?
There's a big thread about this [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/circlebroke/comments/tkw9x/the_piracy_circlejerk/)	Oh damn. Thanks dawg.
Jury rigged ;) newlinechar  newlinechar Also, that's goddamn cool, I want one.	I balked the first time I saw someone call it jury rigged. I was about to make evil twisted, jokes about his lack of intelligence when I discovered he was right all along. Then I made evil, twisted, self-deprecating jokes about my own intelligence and cried a little.
What the fuck, man. 	http://imgur.com/amF3Q
You forgot the 'how about a wrestle?'	That's reserved for the sisterzoned redditors.
Because they are incredibly volatile and noisy values.  Not because of some sinister plot to fake inflation metrics.	They can be averaged, and the seasonal sways adjusted for. Food and fuel are some of the largest factors in the living standard of the middle and lower classes, and leaving them out gives numbers that don't reflect reality for most people.
I suppose that would help, but my family doesn't really understand the 'introvert' thing. They sort of scoff at me if I mention it. Also . . . so many words.	You could try showing them a Susan Cain video off youtube, or buy them a book about introvertedness like http://www.amazon.com/The-Introvert-Advantage-Thrive-Extrovert/dp/0761123695 .  newlinechar  newlinechar Do they read books? 
I mean no offense by this, but I'm really curious - what do you do for a living?	Curious here too, what with the 'repulsion for capitalism'
Why don't people ever browse the options before playing a game? WHY???	I knew someone who leveled a character in The Old Republic all the way up to 50 and only a month after hitting 50 discovered they could have more than 2 hotbars.
as a noob, the only way to do it is to scam it of other people.	Came to recommend scamming as well. Takes no sp to pull off and if your good at it Itle make you rich 
how do i get to this practice area?	It's in the help and tutorials section, it is represented by a ? in the menu.
If I ever get to own a mountain, it shall have a 'Noneshall Pass'.	I think they should name a NZ mountain pass that. It was filmed there after all.
finally.. riot have seriously slacked off on the teemo skins, getting really frustrating watching them focus on lesser matters.	Yeah was really disappointed with the new graphics update, was hoping for the game to look more...teemo-esque.
Bill Maher is the Bill O'Reilly of my side of the spectrum. Embarrassment.	He says something worth quoting every once in a while.
I bet he cusses like crazy too. I wonder where he learned that shit from.	Id rather have a smart, succesful son  who curses every other word, then a clean mouthed fuck up. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crappie	TMYK
The female didn't have tusks and they don't have front teeth. With enough time and fish he was able to get her to suck it using the phrase 'blackjack'.	What's the safe word? Poker? newlinechar  newlinechar 'Blackjack!' newlinechar  newlinechar 'Blackjack!' newlinechar  newlinechar 'Aaaarrrrggghhhhhhhhh!!! fuck!!!' newlinechar  newlinechar 'BLACKJACK! I mean poker goddammit! POKER!' newlinechar  newlinechar 'ohmigod'
Hype. 	Well, whatever it's for, I'm excited. They look pretty cool. 
It isn't that handy.	You're right, it's footy.
[Don't make me go to the morgue...](http://gifsoup.com/webroot/animatedgifs3/1853578_o.gif)	*Gulp. The scene!* newlinechar  newlinechar Um... I'm just going to save this gif for ~~the bunk~~ later....
One thing I want to clarify: People who currently have flair will not have to retroactively post examples of good posts.	Although if you can't come up with three good comments pertaining to your flair, you should probably think about why you're having it in the first place.
I'm not being a jerk.  I'm being logical - just because someone is a mod of a subreddit doesn't automatically make them trustworthy.  You're too trusting.	Infact, the list of mods that go rogue one day because they're sick of the bullshit and start leaking information gets longer and longer, not shorter. There is no good reason to trust the mods any more than you would trust some random person on 4chan with your personal information.
This man here is correct. [Source](http://forum.nasaspaceflight.com/index.php?topic=27716.0)	I have to quote a brilliant phrase someone made in there: newlinechar &gt;SpaceX may have started with a blank sheet, but not an empty bookshelf. newlinechar  newlinechar It gives SpaceX due credit, but also acknowledges previous minds.
because you didn't look around google enough. Well, pass the word on to anyone and everyone.	Sorry I got distracted by the ability to change the search buttons to [Swedish Chef.](http://www.google.com/webhp?hl=xx-bork)
...And it will be *glorious*.	I think you mean *Fabulous!*
[4reals] A few women in xxfitness could probably use a little body acceptance, to be honest. But that's what lifting is for. I swear gaining strength makes you care less about the things that always bugged you about your body.	Ill accept their bodies...if you know what I mean.
My only consolation in getting shot down by Kevmo is that it looked really cool for you guys. I'm still pretty sure he's more machine than man now.	While you were flying like an idiot, it was a damn good shot.  I was like 'ooooh nice shot' when I saw him nail you out of the sky.
turning your mouse 180 degrees? newlinechar  newlinechar no, seriously, I think you're stuck with this way for a while	It's most disorienting and completely derpifies all reactions. 
but wheres the pasta	unfortunately, I don't have pictures of the food, but I did have spaghetti with meatballs and marina sauce served. My poor dad couldn't have any, I got him to wear his Navy whites :P
All is forgiven my son	Dad?
Agreed, don't know what this is doing in /r/WTF.   newlinechar The world would be a better place if more people had as much balls as him and wear what they feel like.	Indeed. It belongs in /r/awesome . I assume /r/awesome is a real place, and I'm mostly typing this reply because it feels like the quick way to get myself a link to go there. 
Let's go cheer for the Soni-oh... I made myself sad...	Cheer up buddy, they've been undefeated for several seasons in a row now.
I think he traveled back in time to kill him right before he killed himself.	That'll show him.
i spy a clipper lighter!!! better than bics braj	Why is that? Genuinely curious!
Wait a min. I know an andrew smith that was born in 86, coincidence?	1786 or 1886?
standard day in the office	i think its safe to say that were genetically superior to americans. newlinechar just wait until we unleash our secret weapon, desrow the destroyer
Somehow I doubt a UC Berkeley study checked on the prevalence of statism in spanked children. I'd hesitate to accept that there are *no* negative side effects.	is 'has no negative side effects' even much of a defense of anything? most nothing in life done by or done to has no negative side effects. 
Multiple types of colorblindness bro. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Jesus christ, I just ran a picture of some component ports through a colorblindness simulator, and it's damn near impossible to tell the difference between green and blue. You poor bastards.	If you were *fully* colourblind, you would only need the green cable, which carries the luma channel. The other two are for the Cr (red difference) and Cb (blue difference) channels which just overlay lower-resolution sheets of colour on the higher-resolution monochrome channel (carried by the green cable).
http://i.imgur.com/1XbbW.jpg	My favourite.
It turns out it actually will be rated R.	Excellent. 
Thanks to Stealyphil1905 for the original image! (Got it from [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/community/comments/tsxwx/quick_wallpaper_i_made_from_multiple_screenshots/))	*Actual gasp.* 
It is for me!	8 hrs a day is a full time job by definition. If you work 300 days a year (more than 2 months holiday per year) you're making $5/hr. You're actual hourly wage is probably more like $3-4 an hr. 
Guffaw at the grossly.	Crack up with the creepy.[](/pphello)
I don't think it's living things though. Correct me if I'm wrong, but aren't animals usually neutral? 'Look at that cat, **it** looks angry!'	Then there are other peoples babies, which are a minefield. Get the gender wrong and you get a snarl from the parents. Call it 'it' and you get a snarl. Say nothing, get a snarl.
Jenny-o brand, thin sliced. I eat like, 12 slices at a time. 	So... we're back up to 180 kcal again?
This video really makes me want to just hang out with Bastian Scweinsteigger.	My favorite player, that Scweinsteigger
I should have mentioned that I wasn't suggesting that it IS zombie apocalypse. Merely wondering what the significance of these stories appearing in such a rapid fire fashion... newlinechar 	Distraction from Bilderberg.
Valid point 	This comment signifies my agreement to the precursor. 
What is it with That company and games that have horrible horrible mods?	It wasn't a mod, you can't mod on PS3.
Looking forward to it! I should have Troy, Abed, Pierce and maybe Jeff done by the end of the day.	It's 4:34 AM where I am so I'm not going to get much more done than what I'm working on, which should be uploaded soon with some code attached.
He could lay on top of it, if he doesn't mind the pain. 	[Or...](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bamboo_torture)
Couldn't quite hear you, prolly need to get the resin outta' my ears.	Oh pipe down, you!
Played it the other day, not nearly as fun as the real thing.	What's the difference?
Why?	He high-fived Joe West. Any encouragement shown to that scourge demands punishment.
It seems to be a common problem.  Get a friend to send you a multiplayer invitation while you're at the main menu--it appears to fix the problem permanently.	I'll try this when I can and let you know if it works, thanks! EDIT: Yep, it works.
Perhaps all one needs is to notice that kind of authoritarian style in the world at large?  newlinechar  newlinechar I say this because I'm a fairly skeptical person, but my mother is very lax. To the point that I can't really recall her punishing me.	Did you grow up in an environment that encouraged the pursuit of knowledge?
If you look closely, you will see that the snake is real.	*Looks closely* [Ow.](http://content.artofmanliness.com/uploads/2008/07/snakebite.jpg)
angry	just don't be hittin' on any womenfolk! newlinechar  newlinechar (or menfolk either, for that matter)
Yeah, I love that game. exactly why I bought them, too bad i had forgotten there was only 1 episode left.	Depending on how big the show becomes around my college/dorm room when Season 3 rolls around, I might just have to get these. newlinechar  newlinechar I might just have to get these anyway. The designs are awesome.
&gt;I wonder if there's a way for mods to tag a post as 'disputed.' newlinechar  newlinechar That is possible with CSS, if you and the other mods would like the help, I will happily cobble together the code for you. 	I hope the mods get back to you and that you can help them out. A lot of good additions can be realized using CSS, like explaining up/downvotes and the report button by hovering over them. Other subreddits implemented this succesfully.
What are you playing in nightmare mode or lower? This build is terrible.	Then help the guy out. Not really seeing any constructive criticism or input from you. No need to completely bash the guys build, especially when he is asking for some help to improve it.
Nope. http://imgur.com/fTdKs	Where did this originate? I'd like to know.
Och p Aftonbladet idag... newlinechar  newlinechar 'Barn i Sverige som vxer upp i fattigdom fr ett smre liv.'	Till Aftonbladet: 'Thank you Captain Obvious of the No Shit platoon'
technically it only takes one gentleman of Polish descent to change a lightbulb, but then that wouldn't really be funny, would it?	depends if he screws up
SS looks good it just seems a bit minimal. I would like to do a bit more lifting than is recommended in the book.	Try it to start out with. In 3-4 weeks you will have probably have a lot more weight on the bar than you thought possible and be glad that you aren't doing anything additional.
pipe shopping for stoners is like shoe shopping for rich bimbo bitches. 	Except pipes are useful.
I will name my first child after you.	Fiasco Turdinasandwich it is!
All is full of love.	This isn't relevant to the submission at all, but [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhEiCRPMCHk). If you don't like it, listen once more.
They might decide your housemates are so retarded as to render you unreliable, and then not hire you. : (	That's a bit discriminatory.
God sak med salt smak... newlinechar  newlinechar If you know what I mean.	Nej jag frstr inte, kan du skriva en omfattande frklaring? :)
What weighs more; a pound of lead or a pound of feathers?	Feathers of course, because when an elephants shouts at a bottlecap plants will die and suffer from the great destruction among the men from space. thanks.
Its still has a lot of film noir themes. Noir doesn't mean cold and depressed. newlinechar 	If you took out any reference to 'max' in the trailer, I would have *no* idea it was a max payne sequel.
Holy shit, how did I miss that one. This what happens when I take a day off reddit.	I missed it too. Link?
Solar panels are part of the 'trunk' which is jettisoned before re-entry and burns up in the atmosphere: newlinechar  newlinechar http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dragon_(spacecraft)	Its a shame they can't add them to the space station as an extra solar array. Make their treadmills go faster or something.
Four. He was four good.	I love you five ever.
He also mentioned a bit about shadows that crept (Vashta Nerada), stones that talked (Weeping Angels), and men who aged backwards (The Doctor) in that same line.	I never made that connection but it seems so obvious now!
Don't need a font ;) newlinechar  newlinechar http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irony_punctuation	Thanks, that was very interesting
What is this Florida governor doing? Maybe it's just the media portrayal, but it sounds like he's messing up big time.	Voldemort there is an evil, corrupt bastard.  He should be in prison, not in office.
What do you mean 'u ppl'?	What do YOU mean... 'u ppl'?
At the distances involved it is wrong to consider g to be constant 9.8ms^-2	So the PE is even less than 19GJ.
Cartman.	Cartman would never give up a gift.  More like something Butters would do or Butter's dad would make him do.
I pressed random and got here...best random yet!	I thought I was alone! newlinechar  newlinechar No wait, I'm just weird.
1. Get dex items newlinechar 2. Sharpshooter newlinechar 3. ??? newlinechar 4. Profit!	I personally like attack speed like mad + crit dmg to get more tendrils off :X but yeah, my DH is in about 500k-1mil worth of gear while my monk is in 10-15 mil worth of gear and yet my DH is easier to progress than my monk. 
Well, aren't you observant?	It's the hair that gives it away.
It is 3:12 here! Sleep is for the weak!	Sigh, it's 1:38 here and I ought to be sleeping.  It's so hard to unwind.
I have a wolf shirt for every day of the week, I pull so many husky native american women with them you have no idea. 	As a husky native american woman I can confirm. 
Wouldn't a bud switch next to a cauldron work?	Once, but then you would have to empty it yourself. An automatic detector would be better.
tl;dr - r/running is full of fatties	Should be r/rolling
And you're aware that you have to _play_ the game to be scared by it?	yeah I watched my friend play for about 20 minutes and he was like half way through aka: in the scary shit, and i wasn't scared at all. When I played I barely got past the intro part before I said 'Fuck this im out'.
The official term will be 'Sevens All Black'. In the same way that everyone knows 'Junior All Blacks' is different from 'The All Blacks'.	That makes it a little better. newlinechar  newlinechar Sevens is a different form of the game so fair enough. But if you are Maori and good enough to be an all black you will be an all black. NZ Maori is NZ maori...
Why? newlinechar 	Because it is of a cat evidently about to fall to its death.
Dibs on the wunderwaffe DG-2	I'll be packing the R115 Resonator 
He did it a while ago with Starcraft 2 and yes, there was no authenticator involved. He had some problems after that, had to cancel the show, but he managed to come out fine.	He now has a delay on his stream, so when something like this happens again, he can just turn it off before someone sees it.
I will forever upvote cupcake dog.	Any context?
EVERYTHING happens on my Fridays. Want to switch Fridays for a month?	You should look into Read-Only Fridays.
That's the truth. Most movies about drugs are not that great on drugs. However most movies maid by pixar are awesome on drugs. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: stupid fucking auto correct	Pineapple express was amazing on acid, just so god damn funny.
I only ever read the first book of the Lost Fleet, I found it kind of dull to be honest. Does the series get better?	Having read the entire series at this point, I think that they're relatively consistent throughout. If you didn't like the first, it's unlikely that you'd like any of the rest I'm afraid. newlinechar 
i demand proof	http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/f2i7t/ive_written_for_tv_shows_like_csi_and_numbers/
Korra rules. It's just that simple. newlinechar  newlinechar [](/twiright 'Second best show on TV')	[](/rtwiright 'aww yea.')
...I don't think that word means what you think it means	That's your opinion and you can extrapolate it all you want, but I respectfully extrapolate.
I dunno. I think the Goth Kid Planet has that stat on lockdown.	hot topic has their own planet?
*were newlinechar  newlinechar The subjunctive mood is proper in this case.	Disappointed in the lack of a relevant username, but A+ for correcting someone whom corrected someone else.
It's not related to MM. 	maybe is 1000 exp for each lvl, and dont increase, as is not related to the mm, and is only for a sure drop (especially as items are tradeable, making scaling while encourage the creations of fakes account just to lvl up fast and pass items to a main account)
You know what? I think the thumbnails might be red herrings, and the end of video sounds are the only real clues.	Which makes sense, because sticks are used as red herrings in Vechs maps, and cake is used as a red herring in Portal.
Well, I have to admit in terms of a horror story, it was mediocre. As an erotic story, it was a bit tepid. As a bestof, it was not the best. But it's still better than Twilight.	The phrase is 'still a better love story than Twilight' newlinechar  newlinechar Not that I am advocating its mindless propagation, but if you are going to parrot a phrase at least do it accurately.
[MMhmhhm!](http://img98.imageshack.us/img98/9961/plungerface.gif)	... I KISSED A MAN!
Stop being a faggot, nigger	Stop being a nigger, Faggot
hes sitting on them :] newlinechar 	He sat on his legs and now they're gone. Holy shit, this changes everything.
No way he could get a chef's apron on properly	He had a hard enough time getting a [bib](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYU-SeVofHs) on.
Fookin prawns!	[FOOK!](http://www.go386.com/fanboy/images/district-9-wikus-alien.jpg)
Crocs. Much better than alligators 	Alligators. Much better than Raptors.
cli-taurus. 	I don't know how he doesn't crack himself up at that. It's truly the defining moment of the video.
its his pauldrons that make him looks super slim. Hes normal. 	I don't know. His face is looking kinda gaunt. 
Just PM andrewsmith1986.	AKA trapped_in_reddit AKA karmanaut AKA SIDT AKA Ron Paul AKA I_RAPE_CATS AKA ProbablyHittingOnYou
Why do so many people use Woah instead of Whoa? It seems to be the most common misspelling in the world.	I wouldn't call it a misspelling so much as a changing in spelling.
Whenever I see 'belong(s) in a museum' I think of a androgynous explorer.	Androgynous means mansexy, right?
Why are people being surprised that Dota 2 isn't P2P heroes? This was kind of known from the start,  as was F2P with cosmetics. And what is this account trolling thing?	I suppose people making smurfs to farm and trade items to themselves? 
Then I imagine you love Portal 2 more than the first one. Felt like they focus more on story and flow and save their brainbuster puzzles for the co-op.	indeed i did. [](/sotrue) stephen merchant was a hoot too.
In that episode, he was part of a cult of monks in 19th century England. I would expect their robes to be somewhat atypical.	A [Dr. Who Spoiler](/s 'cult of kung fu monks guarding a werewolf'), actually.
That stadium is awesome. I fucking love minor league stadiums.	Is the stadium radioactive?
*Gasp* You're dead to me. I'll just sit here and wait for 'Squatch by myself, I guess.	Hey, I went to college near Portland and my roommate was a huge fan. What was I supposed to do?!?! I live in Southern WA! Should I cheer for the Zombies!?!? Never!!!!!
Zeylanema is right. Too many 'phoren' universities use this as an opportunity to make money rather than impart real education. Poor luck :(	Sadly for some professions going abroad is the only route - of course, if you didn't do your homework and ended up in the NIIT of US/UK, then it's your own fault. 
Pretty sure this is Xbox360 footage, they've put out snippets of footage form the PC version that looked way better than this.	I'll never understand why they always demo games on consoles. It ALWAYS looks worse.
This is unbelievable! Really one of the best articles I've seen about Gunkanjima. Much better than the one by Gakuranman.	LOL!!!!!! but... thanks for appreciating the photos ;)
Disappointed in the lack of a relevant username, but A+ for correcting someone whom corrected someone else.	Sorry bro, but that should be 'who corrected someone else'. You_Mean_Fewer was the subject, not the object.
Double pastrami sandwich lunches for gynecologists.	Deranged President seen leaving French Gardens
The fact that Saunders goes full starfish as the ball rolls feebly to first and as his glove returns from orbit is what makes me absolutely love this one.	'I'll just... I'll just lie here. You guys keep playing.' newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Also, I somehow just noticed (after staring at this for the last five minutes) that the ball ends up rolling right into his glove as it comes back to earth. Beautiful.
We don't want him, and we are nobody's second choice team, especially not those mugs down the wrong end of Seven Sisters. newlinechar  newlinechar He can fuck right off.	I'm ok with being second choice to teams which are actually (and definitely) better than us, i.e. Madrid and Barca. It would be unreasonable to expect anything more until we have more success.
I like to think of it as 'Thriller' rather than 'Horror.' 	Not enough crotch abuse to justify it as Thriller.
Bahaha thanks for bringing the 12 year old out in me	I'm glad I took the time to read your comment correctly.
In a few months I would be so down to join when I move up! Mid to late August	Cool beans.  I'll be up here.  You sure you want to move here?  I moved from SoCal and I already regret it lol.  
Maaaan teachers *suck* right guys? And don't get me started on *parents*.	&gt;...And don't get me started on *pants*.
Shh, people like to hate on human being.	I'm personally more disappointed at how gullible we (apparently) are than I am at our alleged potential for chimp rape.
Don't ever Chang.	I know this place like the back of my Chang!
I see you are a girl. Upvoted.	I see you are a hunchback with spelling problems and a fondness for simultaneous fellatio and cunnilingus.  Upvoted.
It's not a slump, he's an established low tier starcraft 2 pro. There is nothing wrong with that and acknowledging it doesn't mean he's irredeemable or can't improve. The Jinro pity is way over the top. 	The thing is he wasn't always a low tier pro. He used to be among the best. That's why there is so much pity for him. 
Luckily for you Bosnia has a national team.	Great, good for us. Bad luck Bosnians:  newlinechar  newlinechar Finally get recognized as world class for something - worst defending **ever**.
Recently Swain has been getting a lot of love. newlinechar  newlinechar Ult now eats less mana, new skin and now this? newlinechar  newlinechar I just hope it doesn't lead to any nerfs :(	New swain buff strategy, nerf every other champion
Do you realize now absolutely anyone can quote you saying ''Thank you cuntbuckets :)''	I'm crying with laughter.... what a great way to start the morning. Promises of humans on Mars and cuntbuckets =oD
Men blir samtidigt lite kt, harjagrtt?	Precis!
That's setting the bar pretty low.	I love Pawn Stars... newlinechar  newlinechar But yeah, it has no place on the History Channel.
Why do you have that?	Tim and Eric. 
They make a living on suing the people that attack them and then suing the cities that they picket in because they didn't provide enough security.  That is why you always see a TON of cops roll in to protect them whenever they visit a city.	Ugh what scum, I live an hour away from their hedquarters hear about them all the time
I support everyone who wishes to use their right of peaceful assembly. I don't support those who are unwilling or unable to keep it peaceful. 	Fair enough, though not if it only takes a few people to make it violent.
I hate money. I despise money. I do love sales though. I know how ridiculous that sounds, but I just don't care about money. I'm the first to give it away and the last to save it. I value a hearty bowel movement over money. 	Okay sounds like a deal.... You send me your weekly pay check and I'll send you a bag of my shit once a week.
if you have enough bud it's the best way to meet new frients 	Don't be bros because you smoke weed! newlinechar Smoke weed because you're bros! newlinechar  newlinechar Or don't I really don't care what you do, I just like saying catchy things!
There's a bust joke in here somewhere...	ya blew it
TIL There is a zombie survival guide. 	[educate yourself](http://www.amazon.com/The-Zombie-Survival-Guide-Protection/dp/1400049628)
I honestly can't tell what your intention with this post was.	His name is Shadow Maggot. His screen name is a 666 from being a pseudo-non-conformist's wet dream.
A lot of returned of slightly defective stuff ends up there or in stores like ross. newlinechar  newlinechar Source: Knew a bunch of people that worked in the outlet stores in silverthorne, co	Thank you, that explains it.  Fucking inseam would rub on the inside of my thigh and drive me nuts (pun not intended).  I feel much better knowing that I'm (probably) spending a bit more to get a higher quality product.
Not really if they end it like the 2nd book.	They're ending it with the first scene of the 3rd book.
gotcha, I understand now.	'Careful, Chan.  You could puncture the hull of an empire-class battleship, leaving thousands to drown at sea.   newlinechar  newlinechar ... newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar ... newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar ... newlinechar  newlinechar Because it's so sharp.'  newlinechar  newlinechar 
I really wish calm, practiced debate wasn't a lost art.	I agree. I find that you can often force the debate in that direction by maintaining your own strict poise in the face of their silly little jabs and logical fallacies. It doesn't always work, though.
And I've ruined entire batches with packaged stuff. Keep in mind, the above recipe calls for grease to be mixed in with the pasta. The bacon itself tastes just fine. newlinechar  newlinechar **EDIT**: I just double-checked and it turns out my crappy grease came from low-sodium bacon. Sorry!	You're going to all that effort for authenticity with the bacon and then choose 'low sodium'?!
I missed it too. Link?	http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/mt4f7/i_am_a_man_who_who_had_a_sexual_relationship_with/
That always makes we wonder. If we ever cure cancer, is it possible for another disease as deadly or worse than cancer to ever appear?	Yes
I guess you won't find any French TV show with subtitles, they're not meant to be watched outside of francophone countries.	'Engrenages' (which is called 'Spiral' in the UK) has a bit of a cult following on the BBC, and is subtitled. It's very good too.
Talk about giving them the cold shoulder.	Ice what you did there.
1984 born. I was a 90's kid. You hit the nail on the head.	Ditto on 1984. I don't identify with a lot of '80's kid' stuff but the 90's kid stuff is spot-on.
I don't know, Perez would have had a decent shot at winning in Monaco if he hadn't crashed in Q1.  Should have won in Malaysia as well.  I wouldn't call him overrated at all.	&gt;I don't know, Perez would have had a decent shot at winning in Monaco newlinechar  newlinechar Most speculative thing I've read so far this year. At no point during FP1/2/3 did he show the pace needed to get on pole, or even the front two rows.
1786 or 1886?	2086.
It'd be so much easier if there were any other playable vampires in black. Stromkirk Captain and Bloodline keeper are the only ones that come to mind, and although three lord effects is nice, it's a bit expensive mana-wise. Maybe Sorin, Lord of Inistrad? Still an expensive card.	Aristocrat? Olivia?
Are complimentary drunk people free of charge or do they just say nice things about me? 	loosly clad women are free of charge but remember look but don't touch newlinechar .. you know what use the reflection.. no direct eye contact ..  newlinechar wear headphones or their schreaks will bury deep in your head, looping newlinechar as your brain freaks wtf 
Yes, that was exactly how Blizzard defended not having separate auction-house-ready characters and LAN-characters. Apparently their customers are easily 'confused' by such complicated issues.	Pandering to 12-year old casual audiences as usual. Maybe we need a new Jack Thompson to lessen the overbearing of these audiences.
Is that a Raptor from BSG2003?	Yes.
errr mah gerrrd newlinechar  newlinechar upverrrts	I am confused by the fact that I, the guy who made the joke, gets downvoted to shit while you, the guy who extended his index finger and giggled, gets upvoted.
I think he's like Karma.	Karma, the reddit thing..?
OK	...OK
We were talking about birthstones and she had an emerald and mine was ruby, because i saw a post earlier and i wanted to know other peoples. So i called her a Rayquaza.	If she's a Rayquaza, then I'm a Kyogre.
The whole thing leaves a bad taste in my mouth.	I have to give you all a hand for this pun thread.
oddly enough most if not all of the new testament wasn't written until 100 years or more after Jesus died.  But don't worry, I'm sure they remembered everything correctly.	And even then, it was probably not written but mostly transmitted orally, we have no idea what the original new testament said. The older copies we have are quite different than the modern ones.
How about you look at the evidence contained in those URLs rather than the URLs?	I think hexapus' point is that's it's difficult to *trust* the claims as definitive evidence when they're from sites like that. Even if the studies were carried out legitimately, it's possible that there are other legitimate studies which yielded different results but were ignored by these sites.
do you shoot and try to hurt everyone so he has a wounded army or pick off the people one by one?	yea at first shoot everyone so he can't attack your city with full hp units and then focus 1. 
I have to agree. I have ended up hating most of the people they show, and it doesn't help that they show the same people over and over.	These are, what we in the industry call them, stooges.
That was nearly a decade ago. Basically 7 years ago. 	Thanks for making us feel old.
For the basketball one, I always follow up with ' Do you play miniature golf?'	I've always meant to say that some time, but anytime someone does finally ask, I just shrug it off.
I think he might be getting downvoted because if you use Reddit or the internet in general there's not really an excuse for not knowing the answer to that question by this point. Also, it's easy to Google it.	Or maybe he was being sarcastic since Americans seem to have a passion for displaying their flag.
This. Right fucking here. Trix changed their shape and taste from spheres much longer ago, and aren't even close to as good as they once were. You punk kids these days were already eating the shitty ones, like happy little idiots. Fuck Trix. Fuck Trix hard. 	and don't pull out!!! Everrr!!!
Great response. Is this field a specialty for you?	I haven't studied it formally, but I have read extensively on it.
I'd read that book.	I'd watch your username.
&gt; It is easier to hide behind boxes newlinechar  newlinechar Easier than it is for a WoW Gnome? I'm not really buying it...	In wow pvp there is this op race called humans with their op racials..
WATCH OUT ITS COMIN RIGHT FOR US!!	women and children first! :)
I used up all of my rocket ammo, but the weird thing is that it seemed like it was just super weak to shotguns. Rockets did nothing, shotgun brought it down like 2% every hit, it was awesome. newlinechar  newlinechar Granted, my shotty was like 12x99	That's because rockets don't deal critical hits, but your shotgun does. So when you shoot at the monsters eye, you get those 12 critical hits at the same time.
That's why in western technologically-advanced countries we are so much more barbaric to each other?  \s	Actually you're touching upon democratic peace theory, the theory that democracies don't fight wars against other democracies. Except for a few strange exceptions, pretty much a truth.
My mom bought every single copy of that paper she could find, but alas I don't think any made to digital format.  Will have to locate and scan in.	OP will deliver. I'll just wait here.
[Brickipedia: LOTR](http://lego.wikia.com/wiki/The_Lord_of_the_Rings) newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar [LEGO Lord of the Rings: The Video Game](http://lego.wikia.com/wiki/LEGO_The_Lord_of_the_Rings:_The_Video_Game) newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar [The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey Lego Sets (no pics)](http://lego.wikia.com/wiki/The_Hobbit:_An_Unexpected_Journey) newlinechar  newlinechar Hopefully this answers your question :)	Oh man, now I feel stupid. Thanks :) newlinechar It's good to know it's a multi-year deal.
Ill accept their bodies...if you know what I mean.	[Like this, but with more penetration.](http://i.imgur.com/SGznp.gif)
This will be the reason I watch the Olympics	Another four years for that, but I'll be well worth it.
I believe it was 'fantastic knit!' I think he was commenting on a fans red sox sweater.	I have a PhD in Lip Reading from the University of Texas Southern A&amp;M Tech, and I believe he is saying 'Fun jet'.
Why did you post this then?	because, as renthor pointed out, it was tagged NSFW to hide the thumbnail which is a spoiler
Weed.	woad*
Isn't this a music video for Lorn's Ghosst(s)?  That was my impression.	Oh my god. I deserve a major facepalm right now. Totally ignored the title. Thank you for answering! Up vote for you good sir.
It was a comment in a thread about, 'what horrible secret do you have that could ruin your life?' newlinechar  newlinechar [Found it](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/t0ynr/throwaway_time_whats_your_secret_that_could/c4intzg).  newlinechar  newlinechar Not a thread for the weak of heart or stomach.	Oh yeah now i remember that thread, The cumbox thread.
So you're basically saying that average market fluctuations have an affect on individual stocks, because individual stocks are often priced in relation to the growth of the market as a whole? newlinechar  newlinechar Also, what kinds of investments would be considered 'risk free' in this nomenclature?	I think I may have gotten my reasoning backwards, since beta can be thought of as just the quantification of the relationship in prices but in itself isn't the actual reason behind them. newlinechar  newlinechar Risk free are things such as Treasury bonds/bills. 
Ever been on 4chan's /r9k/?	It is kind of a cesspool.
Standing in line forever	that's called Disneyland
Honestly, bath salts are just like every other fucking drug. MODERATION! Christ, people so retarded with drugs at times. Bath salts aren't like some crazy fucking drug that is just so fucking intense that no one can handle it. You just need to know wtf you're doing.	Yes. How is this so fucking hard to grasp.  You go and take an excessive amount of anything, you're going to get far too fucked up to have a good time.
Season 3 in Human Nature and Family of Blood as Jeremy Baines/Son of Mine	Season 2, episode 2 (Tooth and Claw) had [Ian Hammore](http://images.wikia.com/gameofthrones/images/b/bf/Pyat_Pree_Smile.jpg) as a monk.
It gave me goosebumps when I saw his reaction. It confirms everything. I am so astonished right now.	&gt; It confirms everything.  newlinechar  newlinechar  /r/conspiracy in a nutshell.
Even so, I don't believe the 2c's have been associated with violence, or have they?	I can't imagine anyone getting violent on them at all.
I think what OP was getting at is that Basto has been said to sound like Avicii before (see, e.g., '[Again and Again](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h98rqJv4qzo&amp;ob=av2n)'), but this is a new, distinctly non-Avicii-like sound.	Ah, okay! I totally get that! Thanks for clearing that up.
That's right. Indonesia has policeman but no law enforcement because enforcement means enforcing. In Indonesia, a policeman's typical day is sitting on their asses taking bribes.	[Shapelle Corby would like a word](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schapelle_Corby)
Up to the mods of this subreddit, I suppose. I'd like to hope we're going to be the 'official' RUGC Dota 2 trade community :P	Shoot a quick pm to the mods, in case they don't see this post.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AF_nfazQaek&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=2m	thank you sir newlinechar 
They're just trying to help people get fabulous looking bodies.	[Fabulous!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9H6-0FiEa4)
oh no... the pain wont stop...  newlinechar  newlinechar MUST. newlinechar  newlinechar KILL. newlinechar  newlinechar WRITERS.	Anyone remember the show that depicted computer hacking with two people typing on the same keyboard to 'speed' it up.  Yeah.
They record how many kills you get with that item and the name changes accordingly. 	That is so fucking cool.
i replied to one of the comments above. +1 to you for being open to discussion.	I saw it, thanks. Plus 1 to you for being open to it also.
I've never even see the game IRL, let alone played it... :)	Dude... Y.. You poor soul :O please for the love of god play it somehow!
I, too, am a fan if Depp - just not with Burton	To each their own. :)
Thanks man.	*[wo]man newlinechar  newlinechar Of course. Fuck depression. You're worth so much more. Been there - attempts at my life a half dozen times and currently 26 years old - fuck the bullshit. Do you!! You got this!! You deserve the world!! For Real!!
'Parade Float Deprivation' is a serious problem and we should be trying to combat this issue.	Can we make posters and t-shirts?  newlinechar  newlinechar Maybe even those rubber wrist band things in multiple bright colours that say 'Bring back the clowns' on them?
The best part is they spent millions on a replacement system, but refuse to use it. 	What? Why?!
That picture is a guaranteed onion uppercut.  It's so easy to relate to the kid trying his hardest not to cry.  	agreed. this picture was the one that did it for me, manly tears were shed
&gt; So talking about religion in school is illegal in America? newlinechar  newlinechar This statement is not true and this is explained many times elsewhere in this thread.	Well I keep hearing about it anyway, even if you're on the other side of the planet. So I'm sure you'd get some people confused regardless
That is an incredibly strange obsession.	Waves are awesome!
Mind Trick! Decent population here.	Mind Trickian Republic player here!
This isn't relevant to the submission at all, but [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhEiCRPMCHk). If you don't like it, listen once more.	Bjork is always Relevant, she does like pandas.
Never type xd ever again	i learned my lesson
...and also reproduce.  newlinechar 	Yup, you win the 'how stupid people are our problem' contest.
&gt;you can't upvote me again. newlinechar  newlinechar I wish I could.	You wouldn't upvote a car...
Other than promoting racist stereotypes, this is also inaccurate. [This was how Muslims portrayed Adam and Eve ](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/02/Islamic_Adam_%26_Eve.jpg) (even though such depictions are discouraged) and [this is another example](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/04/Adam_and_Eve_from_a_copy_of_the_Falnama.jpg)	What racist stereotype are you referring to?
My favorite player, that Scweinsteigger	He is French, so he was maybe just so overcome by the immense Germanic power held in the name 'Bastian Schweinsteiger' that it caused his brain to atrophy and reduced his ability to spell. 
Cerebral palsy is not a retardation, don't make me break your legs.	In the context of the show the Krazy8 character calls his son retarded. newlinechar  newlinechar  Obviously his character is oblivious to the reality of Mr. White's family. newlinechar 
It will be eventually if the kids take up the family trade.	Only if they don't reproduce first.
You can't be serious.  It is public information.	I know. I said that but Reddit rules prohibit 
http://i.imgur.com/3euDP.gif	In 100 years gifs will be the dominant language. newlinechar 
But what about the accents!	Then you just lightly touch the keys, but don't make any sounds.
he said yesterday in irc that hes from falkirk, i dont even know where stirling is, so just as info :s	Ah, fair enough.  I thought I had seen on his facebook that he went to uni in Stirling, which could be true, as Falkirk and Stirling are about 20 miles apart.  newlinechar  newlinechar Falkirk is north west of Edinburgh, and Stirling is north of Falkirk :)
That AMA was actually fake. BLB confirmed it in the second one.	You just blew my mind.
Gurren Lagann, will not regret it!	Just who the hell do you think I am?!?
I have a feeling that he* and I would be good friends. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit-- amateur grammatical error.	He*
Except they weren't drunk. 	Nope, just physically and (maybe) mentally incapable of operating a motor vehicle.
Oh. I forgot about the Doritos story. Someone refresh me?	Fat lady at a retirement home is eating her discharge with doritos like it's salsa. Sorry, but I don't have it saved. :(
It'l buff out.	I gotta buddy who can fix that right up
Thats why it's just stupid to fight for street cred	I had sympathy head pain. Were the two guys actually having a fight? newlinechar This might sound stupid but it looks like they were just messing around until the kick landed.
That was an unexpectedly amazing movie	Seconded
Started reading article then realised I couldn't care less...	same. Arguing with people on the internet is retarded: even if you win you're still retarded.
FYI, credit cards dont work that way.  	remember that and you might not go broker then a motherfucker
Just?	He must be new to the internet.
Davos seems sufficiently terrified of the place and I trust his judgement.  Although there has been mention of Skagos having kings and lords so it's not complete anarchy I suppose.	I thought skagos was basically wildling land, that's what Osha went.
Reddit may be the greatest place ever in humanity to write your crazy shit. newlinechar  newlinechar Keep on it! Good potential brewing there!	All the interesting names get buried *shrugs*
My friends and I sat in my room playing this game so much, and reached such a level of mastery, that we eventually started playing it upside-down to squeeze out that much more fun and challenge.	I tried playing with a friend where he would time the abxy buttons and I would do the arrows. we jumped into so many holes xD
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-2134949/Chelsea-await-record-pay-day-Champions-League-final.html?ITO=1490 newlinechar  newlinechar This article states they made about 45m	That's 45m from the final alone, plus almost double that in ticket sales, plus more earned from the group stages and knock-out rounds
Yeah, over here (the UK) the war of 1812 is generally Napoleon invading Russia since that was the more interesting and important one.	Oh man, and what a brilliant idea that invasion was.
Well I'm only 25 pages in. Also sometimes people like different things :P	&gt;Also sometimes people like different things newlinechar  newlinechar Nonsense!
Ah thats nice. I hope you heal soon and have great sex again!	Might fuck her anyway tonight. She's been kinda bitchy tonight so I figure a little rape is in order to cheer her up. (She's a sub and likes being 'raped' by me.)
Considering the time, effort and money Bethesda sank into getting the Fallout license, there will be future installments.	Or they could go the easy route and just publish it and let obsidian develop it, but i don't think bethesda are like that.
They did not.	The world needs people like you
[Even the beast disapproves](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m0509tefKW1rn95k2o1_500.gif)	Well, that was one of the riskier clicks I've ever experienced.
I had an ex who refused to go down on me because he claimed the movie *Teeth* had freaked him out. I was actually embarrassed by my genitalia when he said that.	Ouch. 
Whaaat, this is a thing? How can one see theirs?	Reddit gold
If possible, can you take a high res pic like this? I'm an Omega guy as well and I would love it as a desktop newlinechar 	i will see what i can do. I don't have access to my camera at the moment, if i haven't in a few days pm me to remind me. 
Team captain barkkingkong is currently Banning. 	No, no, he is not banning, and he is also picking random(ly).
Thanks for that, never saw the Cosby show so I totally missed that! I thought there was a beat there because of Jeff's daddy issues.	Same here, as some one in the UK I've never really seen the Cosby show but now I get it. 
But that's...50 mana refunded, you have one opportunity to shoot a 40 mana Q at level 6, and it is standard procedure to just not even level W(in **most** cases) until after lane phase. 	wut? I level W second because of the debuff on attack speed in lane trades and the tiny bit of damage it does... this bad?
Not really, it as more appealing to British stubbornness to keep up the war effort regardless of how the war was going.	...You sure? I suppose that makes sense.
[](/twicrazy) ALL THE UNICORNS	[](/celestiawut) newlinechar  You'd be surprised how many unicorns are dead out of the box...
I gagged reading it.	And I eructated.
He definitely bulked up after getting to Manchester.  Can't be skinny in the PL I guess.	Might be about time to drop the 'ito' from the nombre!
reLEvant username! Upvoted.	Le reLEvant username! Le Upvoted.
I know. I think first I read this Digg was still a thing.	Guys, it clearly says '3 hours ago' on the post. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: how come you guys get sarcasm half of the time?
You can throw them in the washer if you have a front loader. Air dry them or half a cycle on low heat if you live in a particularly humid climate. 	why only for a front loader (excuse my ignorance)? I live in Japan and almost everyone here has top loading washers, and we hang dry our shit.
I can't imagine that anyone hasn't read that book yet.	Which is why they stopped selling it and stocking it in libraries, of course.
I know! newlinechar Only problem is that adamantium is purely fictional. So i guess titanium is the best second choice. 	Nope titanium is a fairly weak metal. Use steel.
Yeah don't sweat it dude. I just spend about 5 minutes googling 'peso ear' to figure out what the joke was &gt;.&lt;	i came late to the party, and thus, no time was wasted. thanks gents
That's why there's no regeneration clause on DoJ right? I want to say that wrath of god was the sweeper pre-DoJ. 	Yes, that's right.
To be fair... humanity didn't do this. Humanity mostly sat on it's ass while a team of unbelievably motivated engineers backed by a billionaire created something fucking amazing.  newlinechar  newlinechar My cheer is: 'Go SpaceX you glorious bastards!'	True, but 'Americans' didn't do it either, by the same argument :)
it's funny how much praise Ridley Scott is getting for a movie that has not come out yet and with a resume that only has a few timeless entries and a lot of mediocre shit.	Any director who has made more than one great film deserves respect, and in my opinion he has made 6. 7 if you include the directors cut of Kingdom of Heaven, which is fantastic. 
Well the company has a history of weird shit happening in there games then	I would say so.
no way man. you still have a fixed lens and a small sensor.	I agree about the lens but isn't the 41MP sensor in the pure view still pretty large even for a DSLR?  Or is there some other deficiency?  I should state that I know basically nothing about cameras.
No time to argue! Throw me idol, I'll throw you the whip!  newlinechar 	Hey! Why do you get to have a magnifying glass? 
Really? I don't thin anyone has ever mistaken me for Asian. newlinechar  newlinechar Second from the left in the back row.	...I thought that was a chick. :/
You are a partisan moron.	Remember, kids: you don't need a formal conspiracy when interests converge. newlinechar  newlinechar It's the right *and* the 'left,' in bed together.
I thought I was the only one who was clenching my jaw when that scene came up. 	clenching your 'jaw', huh?
[](/eeyup)	eeeyup
I would submit that polluting the market *is* what microsoft knows.	Ah, touch. newlinechar  newlinechar 
Considering a lot of different species of animals are doing shits like rape, it's safe to assume that any alien species would have been at least as much depraved as the human specie currently is.	You're assuming sex is an emotional experience for them or that they even have sex.
I can't remember which band, but this chick is on the cover of a hardcore bands 7' with semen all over her face. She has a reputation for being a band whore.	As a person in a band, I approve of her being a band whore.
If there's ever **Gring** to be any positive social change, they need to **concentrate** on finding a **solution** to their racism.  	Yes, they do need a final solution to that racism, or society will Goebbel them right up.
The cutscenes are too important to miss. Try to watch them if you can, KotOR's story is my favorite part about it.	Definitely agree with this, some cutscenes are almost essential in this game, even though there aren't many.
I think it's because the Hulk didn't have his Asgard up. 	Someone's going to be Thor in the morning.
You have my axe, now its 30million men, I'm in	So now, the OP has 2$ and an axe. newlinechar  newlinechar Hmm, what would MacGyver do?
2 years of research?  Eh?	A lot of academic general surgery residencies now require 1-2 years of research in addition to the 5 of training.
Interesting how you say that and still consider getting a torres. newlinechar  newlinechar I kid I kid	i  was like 'HOW DARE YOU?'  :D
So what is up next at PETA? Holocaust comparisons I assume.  newlinechar  newlinechar Though I would not be surprised the slightest if they had already done that.	[Already been done.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Animal_rights_and_the_Holocaust#PETA_and_the_use_of_Holocaust_imagery) It's kinda an intermittent go-to for them.
Mistake: the 2nd appearance is in 'Heart of Archness Pt 1'. newlinechar  newlinechar My roommate actually caught it. We watched the Archersaurus version of the pilot episode, and then 'Heart of Archness Pt 1'. newlinechar  	The second appearance is in 106, Skorpio. Details dude. Don't say you watched extra scenes and then spout false info...
Use return tracks. newlinechar  newlinechar e.g. Send your drum rack to one buss, everything else to another. Autofilter on the 'everything else' return track.	Or even simpler, just group the tracks and apply the effect to the group. 
It was an apology the community didn't deserve. Think girlfriend not getting something for her birthday while she's been cheating.	Except we haven't been cheating and did as we were told by liking their facebook page all the way up to 3.4 million?
&gt;Edit* I accidentally forgot a newlinechar  newlinechar A what? What did you forget? Tell us dammit!	I stared at it for 5 minutes trying to figure it out. But he just forgot a
http://imgur.com/amF3Q	Great job! But let us not make a goof and a spoof out of the poor dangutang.
My dad once asked me the what the date was. Not knowing, I went to check the calendar, and as I walked away, he said under his breath, 'Such an idiot'.	Oh, wtf
well if they'd been out jogging, they'd be in even better shape.	Not if they were jogging in front of the bar.
He was attempting the [piss disc](http://www.bannedinhollywood.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/piss-plate-trick.png) and fooled himself at, 'wait, why am I hauldingggfhhdjg? thiss'ul bebrettersave 'is fer themernin......'	Genious.
^^^^^^ This is Laura, the one who took the pictures.	Where is camera?
I thought you were gonna say they suck. No one ever agrees with me :(	Musically its pretty decent I thought, but the lyrics are so bad in my opinion. Its nothing groundbreaking, and I'm pretty sure they know they're just riding Ronnie's popularity from ETF.
Yeah, home schooled kids generally *do* get access to even EC classes at public schools for that matter. They play on teams, go to practice, etc.	We had a home schooled kid on our football team in middle school.
While we're on that, 'withhold' is one word.	Also, that wasn't a grammar mistake, merely a typo.
They were always freezing. Froze my nuts off in every science class ever.	Why'd you put your nuts on the desk?
Honour*	I am using title of the article in link. 
Interesting, will be searching. Thanks.	When Roi died DMB filled his spot with Jeff Coffin, formerly with Bela Fleck and the Flecktones. I recommend listening to BF if you're trying to stay away from the 'rock' type music.
But full plate has a max dex of +1. As long as you have a 12 in Dex, you're fine. Put the extra points in Str or Con.	Just get one with Epic Nimbleness. Makes the max dex bonus +10.
Yeah, back in the 50s where people wore suits or trenchcoats with them. Now, they're essentially douche beacons with these people wearing them with t-shirts, skinny jeans and all that stuff. It doesn't look good at all unless the fedora is paired with said suit or trenchcoat.	I know someone that wears a fedora all the time. He'll take it off to shower and sleep. But essentially, he's constantly wearing it. It's awesome. 
:C newlinechar  newlinechar So..should i delete this post or something? I just wanted to have a few laughs with people :/	Maybe /r/tf2memes would appreciate it more :)
Romney 2102!	People on the internet watch the same TV shows I do? Mind = blown.
Start by downloading the game.	Fair enough!
My boyfriend does that with my boobs.  The game he plays on them varies from time to time, &amp; I make sure to add the appropriate sound affects and game notifications. newlinechar  newlinechar Sexytime is playtime?	Sexytime is totally playtime.  Why bother if we can't bring a little levity to the situation?
His Q was too easy to break and, even with 40% cdr, his ult was really painful to manage in extended team fights.	I'm pretty sure his Q's breaking range hasn't changed. If you Q someone at its new max range, it'll be easier to break than before.
if this was from today/last night it was pretty cool out, like mid-low 70's 	ABC 7 is local for Southern California 
no idea, he already left and he wouldn't tell me anyways.	Tell him if he goes the redemption version he should work the original horn into the plot.  As in they bust through with the horn and summon an Angelic host for an epic battle.  
Yeah, agreed.  Can anyone confirm another source for this?  Seems to be coming out of nowhere.	And just in time for Election season.
If this becomes a severely reoccurring issue, how can I get relief?	Well for me the problem was ADHD, not sure about you though 
Dafuq? How the hell did you get George Clooney? I'm sorry, but I just don't see it **at all**	I think he's kidding.... I think.
Her instant response was 'I'm a lesbian.' I honestly didn't know how to keep the conversation going at that point... 'You don't say! How's that going for ya?'	how awesome are boobs!
Now kiss.	[I'm down](http://i.imgur.com/83pLg.gif)
Shoot him an email at jaredselllers@gmail.com newlinechar I'm sure he'd be willing to work something out!	A great thanks + an upvote for you my dear !
AFAIK this and a few other legendaries are the only weapons with +mf.  In this weapons case MF is the primary stat that people care about.	You mean like for a 'box-opening set'? For absolutely everything else in the game prioritizing MF on a weapon is beyond ridiculous.
Yep, they've played their recent 'home' matches in the UAE, and in 2010 in England.	To be fair the capital of pakistan is birmingham.
I have no legs. newlinechar 	Catchy tune.
Fuck you newlinechar  newlinechar ... newlinechar  newlinechar Wait... I'm not a novelty account newlinechar  newlinechar Move along	last time i did that i was EXPLODED
JSTOR has on occasion gotten me in trouble for too many sources.	What?
It was poorly worded, I assume, English is my second language. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm assuming they are familiar with cruelty on a certain level, for sure.	After The Contact we will try to outfuck each others
Why'd you hang out with him? haha  This occurs to me every time I see this meme.	Little kids don't know any better?
Magic swedish space llama simulators, anyone?	Add some hats and I'd buy it.
If I decide to give you $100 dollars even though I have no practical reason to, does that mean you would owe me something then?	Give it a try, here's my paypal address:
Yeah Relevant_Rule34 ~~was~~ is a girl. [](/b03) 	TIL...
It is, but again, what percentage is that of the total market?  I'm guessing that it isn't much.  Hardly even worth talking about.  4$ a month is about 2-3% of the monthly cost of an average insurance plan.  	Well shit, why is r/libertarian so concerned about raw milk then?  I'm guessing raw milk sales are only a small % of total milk sales.
after seeing his teeth from brtdud7, i would put him at #1 in the game today	He would give Joakim Noah a run for his money. Noah looks a bit better now, but when he first entered the league. Yikes.
I try to convince myself to do something different.  Simple things to begin with.	yeah, you need to make small personal goals then build on those newlinechar  newlinechar 
0118 999 881 999 119 7253	&gt; -725 [pause] 3
Kiboshing babies just puts some people off.	I am laughing way to loud at 4am.  newlinechar 
Not just that but words like 'Works', 'Greatness', or 'Kingdom' as well.	They just love their religious buzzwords. 'Grace' and 'Faith' are another two. newlinechar  newlinechar If you want to have a laugh, imagine all buzzwords being read in an extremely sarcastic tone.
Have you made sure the hiss isnt coming from something other than the Yamaha pieces? I have frequently ran into issues on one device loading 'negative' sound into the line.  Just a thought.	Exactly. Do they hiss when powered on with no physical audio connections? When connected to your computer with no input signal, does the hiss change at all when your hard drives spin up, or when you move windows around on screen?
Things move quickly, apparently	[indeed](http://gifstumblr.com/images/this-is-internet_179.gif)
/r/ideasfortheadmins maybe?	Nefandi should move his comment into that subreddit.
You are both friends now, give him your reddit password. What can go wrong?	start-up sounds
I don't know if this is the kind of unreliable intended, but I find myself behind a lot of pay-walls for scholarly articles after being treated to a promising abstract. The sheer number of subscriptions one could own for Journal X and Review Y is boggling.	Doesn't your college deal with that for you?
Gorgeous.  Any pictures of the inside of the Yurt?	Yes but it's pretty bare bones. And, it's impossible to take a picture of the inside of a Yurt and maintain the feeling of it. Circular rooms don't capture well. 
That is the best answer.  newlinechar I too, am the right amount... Does your group of friends need one of those 'awesome nerd girl' additions?	We don't just let anyone in our secret nerd club. What are your nerd qualifications?
I have a black friend, he says white people smell like hotdog water. 	I make fun of my parents by saying they used to make hot dog soup when I was a child and our family was a lot poorer. They hate it. It's hilarious. Your friend is a genius.
You are good people, sir.	Glad you think so!
There may be reasons behind it, but perception is also important, especially to the populous in a democratic system.	How about we educate people about the reasons, instead of resigning to that people are too stupid to know the truth of things?
They had a common enemy in the Soviet Union.	Is that really the reason? Japan and the Soviets didn't even do much fighting until very late in the war.
Messing with your kid when drunk is not okay by any means. It can release somethings that can damage their psyche.	Dr.Farnsworth, meet cumfart. 
It did last quite a while, didn't it? newlinechar  newlinechar For me this was a lot stronger than the one Monday night. newlinechar  newlinechar Start and end the week shaky, yeesh. newlinechar 	Yeah I missed the one on Monday, only just got into the country on wednesday. Though I was here in April last year, I think we were averaging 6-7 quakes a day
Gillade Lingon, men det var lnge sedan jag kpte den. r det en standardsmak numer, eller var det en *limited edition*? newlinechar  newlinechar (Mitt *to go* mrke r Grov, s jag har ingen koll) newlinechar  newlinechar 	Det r en standardsmak numera, jag kr sjlv p den.
I'm only saying I was *positive* she wasn't lying to me, once I spotted a LGBT pin.	[Whoosh?](http://i.imgur.com/LGEdx.gif)
I like you; are you German? I have questions about Europe in general and Germany in particular	Yes, I am. I'm not drunk anymore, but I'll do my best to answer any questions.
A buddy of mine opened his mates laptop like a toilet seat..... 	My dad's friend pissed on the family keyboard. I was first to use it -.-
You wouldn't upvote a car...	You wouldn't upvote an old lady's purse...
Thats what I was thinking. Killing him off is just too much trouble. I've already started fading him out, its just hard... like loosing a personal possession. 	Feeling that you're losing a personal possession makes it seem like more than only a lie that got out of control. This comment stood out to me in particular as a reason to check out a therapist.
The thing is he wasn't always a low tier pro. He used to be among the best. That's why there is so much pity for him. 	I suggest you go back and look a VODs at when he was 'good'. newlinechar  newlinechar Seriously this game was a joke. 
What's so terrible about meatspin? newlinechar 	the tan. its definitely the tan.
That is indeed the greatest downside imo. Hopefully my future partner has an identical twin sister or something like that. :P	identical twins have to be the same gender, so unless you are dating a post op transgender-ed person, you would be looking for someone with a fraternal twink.
Well I keep hearing about it anyway, even if you're on the other side of the planet. So I'm sure you'd get some people confused regardless	That's why we have to carefully explain how this is false every time it is mentioned. I didn't target you specifically. I'm sorry if it seemed like that.
Sidebar: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;Rehosted webcomics will be removed. Please submit a link to the original comic's site and preferably an imgur link in the comments. Do not post a link to the comic image, it must be linked to the page of the comic. 	sorry, i'm kind of new here.  newlinechar here is the link to the comic. newlinechar http://kidsaredumb.com/post/19953651196/bad-things-to-keep-on-an-etch-a-sketch newlinechar 
[](/celestiawut) newlinechar  You'd be surprised how many unicorns are dead out of the box...	But what if they're still in the box? newlinechar  [](/b24 'Schrdinger's unicorn...') 
Amazing that you've been left without negative votes for this long.  An entire two minutes?  That has to be a new record.	Sh sh shhh. Give it time.
Group F is indeed much harder... Has one Top 3 Zerg, one Top 3 Terran, one Top 3 Protoss. Can't say that for any other group...  newlinechar  newlinechar Group B has one Top 3 Zerg, that's it. Group G same as B.	I agree, I think a lot of people haven't been keeping up with symbol's recent success, mix that in with parting and MKP and you have an extremely hard group.
Perhaps that's exaggerated, then; as in, 'Let me help you with that' and just going for it without making sure I want the help. Not just wordlessly grabbing, I agree that'd be insanely rude. newlinechar  newlinechar also I apparently missed some drama down there. LOL	Oh... I guess that's different. It's still rude, but I sort of misinterpreted. \*blush*
justin.tv newlinechar 	unreliable. 
In wow pvp there is this op race called humans with their op racials..	Overpowered or strong in certain scenarios?  If it were truly gamebreaking, it'd be a much more complained about problem.
I'm positive that the Bureau of Economic Analysis knows to use inflation adjusted dollars.	*They* may know to, but that doesn't mean the numbers being used by the rabble-rousers are.
http://kbsg.imgur.com/all/	I'm afraid I'm not allowed to view them. . .
You should start exporting them. Some European countries desperately need a few.	Lakes or politicians? Probably both.
Tucker and Dale VS Evil. It can be found on Netflix.	thanks man! that movie was the bomb!
Thats actually a good point. Didn't consider that. The emperors flag would be perfect considering its floral design. newlinechar  newlinechar [Standard of the Japanese Emperor](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6d/Flag_of_the_Japanese_Emperor.svg/800px-Flag_of_the_Japanese_Emperor.svg.png) newlinechar  newlinechar They would probably change the coloration to something brighter and more communist but it would probably stick with this.	I think they'd use yellow/golden background because they already have red (Hong Kong) and green (Macau) and I bet they have blue prepared for the Taiwan SAR. 
Seconded. Or at least a story!	r/Travel demands answers!
Dem shoes. 	da fuq?
It's not the pet you should worry(kite) about its ME.	i once got killed by a bear in sPvP, true story.
Academic historians generally shy away from 'ranking' presidents [1](http://blog.historians.org/profession/593/the-american-historical-associations-ranking-of-presidents) political scientists are usually more candid [2](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historical_rankings_of_Presidents_of_the_United_States). Maybe /r/asksocialscience would have something to contribute. 	There were actually a lot of historians who 'ranked' U.S. presidents, starting with Schlesinger's survey. This wikipedia article is accurate: newlinechar  newlinechar http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historical_rankings_of_Presidents_of_the_United_States
Plus paying like 12 million per astronaut. Dont quote me on that, thats just what i remember reading. 	It's actually [$63 million per astronaut](http://www.washingtonpost.com/national/health-science/congress-tells-nasa-to-finish-space-telescope-and-build-a-new-rocket/2011/11/15/gIQAkgpdPN_story.html).  (Penultimate paragraph.)
...urinals with nipples?	Boobs on the walls...? Shower heads that are actually breasts? Old naked men with their danglies out... with boobs? newlinechar  newlinechar What kind of fucked up place is this? It's not what I expected a women's locker room to be like at all!
&gt; That's cute, *too cute*. newlinechar  newlinechar Way to go, Dr. Buzz Killington. You sure you didn't miss anything? Those yellow eyes are an indication of either jaundice or ebola. 	Ebola. Definitely ebola.
More of a system (weather) than a mechanism (computer). newlinechar  newlinechar Description of such as the latter is more of an early 20th century take.	A system would be a series of mechanisms interacting with each other, right? Because then that would be a better word, yes. Thank you.
1-0 Cahill header. newlinechar  newlinechar EVERY.  FUCKING.  TIME.	I'd say I can't wait for him to retire but I know it won't make a blind bit of difference. 
The grass is always greener on the other side, as they say.	One reason why you should stock up on lawn killer when moving in beside new neighbors.
&gt;Ugh... that makes it look unprepared, cheesy, and incapable of the daring and massive undertaking they're proposing newlinechar  newlinechar But... that's what it is.	True, but if that's the case, the least you can do is make it *look* professional.
He won the internet!!!	[Yeah](http://i.imgur.com/rqh6W.gif)
Honestly, that just seems delicious. newlinechar  newlinechar God, I feel fat. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: I'm not really fat. I don't need your sympathy.	Fat here. newlinechar  newlinechar God feels you.
Honestly I don't think there could be a plot. They're two totally different games. Both great of course but nothing alike. Kinda like this Star Fox/Metroid hybrid i've heard rumors about...ridiculous 	...Star Fox and Metroid...thats just stupid. 
I think if HoN adjusted the prices for the coin bundles, it'd be fine. The crate system completely RAPED TF2, so I'm not really all that excited for DOTA 2. At least it's F2P so I can derp around :/	http://i.imgur.com/9SYev.jpg &lt;--- It's in DotA 2. The Crates System I mean.
it's also a she apparently	I have failed at commenting againg .....but I shall come back with more!
Yeah, most of the popular hat groups have figured out that only new testament applies to them. OT is for people they hate.	[This](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_Hat_Society) is a pretty popular hat society.
It took the photo?	^ this
Now this is a character I can't wait to see cast. newlinechar  newlinechar I pray to the old gods and the new that they don't cut him (out of the show).	They can only cut him once, but that would be pretty fatal for us fans.
*Yet.* My mom probably would have thought something similar. After 42 years of marriage, I think she started finding it sexy at some point.  newlinechar 	You overestimate your parents' sex lives. 
It's a fact that female attractiveness is more tied to smiling than it is with male attractiveness. This isn't caused by our culture; it has evolutionary reasons (which I have conveniently forgotten at the moment).	&gt;it has evolutionary reasons (which I have conveniently forgotten at the moment) newlinechar  newlinechar Consider me very, very not convinced.
....Six months of trading left. No more short selling, bonds at 1% for ??? newlinechar Where does the number 'six' in six months left come from?	It's always 6 month left. 
Why did I laugh so hard at this?	Because anyone could have done it but he made it seem official and serious? 
Ahh, chip on the shoulder.  I figured.  Just had to make sure. newlinechar  newlinechar Side note: Being a full-on geek makes high school easier?  What high school did *you* go to?	It really sounds like he's still attending one, despite his claims otherwise.
My boyfriend hates cheese. I'm not entirely sure he's full human.	Any woman who doesn't like cheese.... /r/Glitch_in_the_Matrix 
Oh my god, you sucked up the penis and then ran off with it?! D:	My laughter just woke everyone within a mile radius. I love you. 
Totally a scumbag. How dare he do what he gets paid to do. 	Parking on rocks is a ticketable offense?
Tread carefully Kerrby...for the dark lord has his spies everywhere.	Jonjo Shel... He Who Must Not Be Named!
Think of this: If you'll have one in two years, by the time they'll be able to drink a beer with you you'll be 60. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: I accidentally a word	able != allowed
The fact they have hep c is irrelevant as it can only be spread through blood. newlinechar  newlinechar So it's him assaulting someone for spitting on him.	Spitting on someone is assault. Spit can often contain blood. Yeah, I'm sure you would just thank the fuckwit and walk away. This guy didn't. Good on him.
What the fuck did I just watch?	A slithery little snake.
There goes another perfectly good meme... With one that's already been raped plenty.	Err... which was the good meme?
I've never understood how the punishment of a victimless crime can be made worse than the potential consequences of carrying out the crime itself... newlinechar  newlinechar 	To protect the children! If we don't kill people and let them do drugs instead, what kind of example are we setting?
Azingy is a somewhat well known player who always follows the same build (boots, doran's rings, sunfire cape) on all his champions.	No he doesn't, that is only his amumu build. Who in their right mind gets sunfire on a ranged champion.
This is beginning to sound fishier and fishier. newlinechar  newlinechar (Edited for the grammars.)	Did it really ever not sound fishy?
I just feel like, once he got into space, his head should explode. Is that so hard to ask?	Or, you know... Burned up in the atmosphere.
Someone explain why this matters. 	you'd rather be downvoted.
Seriously, he's made some great posts for a long time. Really helped me understand the game of basketball more.	Tagged him as 'Basketball Genius' in RES, his posts are always worth a read. Definitely agree with you, I understand so much more about the game just from reading the play breakdowns. 
You have my interest!	And my ASK!
I am confused by the fact that I, the guy who made the joke, gets downvoted to shit while you, the guy who extended his index finger and giggled, gets upvoted.	if it makes you feel better... newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/XlWpT.gif
Surely, one of the all-time greatest.	Indeed....and stop calling me Surely
What an intense read.  I realized reading this that it won't be too long before people are assassinated by computer viruses and how difficult it will be to know how it was done or who did it.	It'd be pretty hard to make a regular computer explode.
i think its safe to say that were genetically superior to americans. newlinechar just wait until we unleash our secret weapon, desrow the destroyer	When's the eating contest?
Thank you for the link. That was an awesome video.	That was pretty freakin awesome!
let go of control and just watch; distinctions like 'control' matter less when one finds their unity.	It is difficult to truly convey this to another person because when the mind gets *there,* words begin to fail.
I don't feel like that's true.  She had more of a chance of getting picked than Prim, who did get picked.	Prim's chances were even niller
Yep, atheist here against abortion (unless the mother is at serious risk). This whole thread is pretty offensive to me.	Very cool. So what argument do you have for why you are against it? I don't plan on arguing/judging you, arguments behind stances just intrigue me. I've heard only a few atheistic/secular arguments against abortion; mainly the personhood argument and the doctrine of potentiality. I'd love to hear yours!
you're not funny...	ur*
I ate all my vegetables like my mom told me to, I'm 5'0'	It might have been the fork rape, bud.  newlinechar  newlinechar    newlinechar    newlinechar *...just maybe...*
Giving up smell would be giving up taste as well. Are you willing to lose the deliciousness of food?	Not true. I know 3 people who were born without the sense of smell, and they can taste just fine. 
thanks GI Joe!	Thanks CaptainToast09!
That's why the quick reload glitch is your friend	I keep hearing about this in posts but don't know how to trigger the glitch. Tell me more. The revenant X is pretty slow.
What racist stereotype are you referring to?	It was reminiscent of [the LeBron James cover for Vogue that caused a lot of controversy a few years back](http://m.gawker.com/5004715/time-for-leibovitz-to-confess) for being racially insensitive. You know, big grotesquely ugly man with small delicate female.
I am using title of the article in link. 	I know. It was just joked about during the Council - one of the players (UK or AUS, can't remember) said 'Honor with a 'u' in it'.
The earth is out of round by say  10 km. It is almost 13000 in diameter.  newlinechar  newlinechar if a stress ball were the same shape asthe earth, but 50mm, it would be 0.04mm out of round. newlinechar  newlinechar That's pretty fucking close.	It's 43 km actually. But still, it's rounder than a billiard ball.
Banned in iama, seeking a ban in other subs he moderates too. newlinechar  newlinechar [relevant subredditdrama post](http://www.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/ueu4j/karmanaut_is_at_it_again_shitty_watercolour/)	Wow that's fucking sad.
When I asked one guy which system he played, his friend said, 'He plays the system where he gets to be DM and make you die a lot.' 	Paranoia or Call of Cthulhu?
I'm a high enough ilvl for HoTs, but my dps hovers around 8-9k, and people complain. Any other way to earn JP at the same rate? Or the best things to get to increase my damage for now 	If you are a prot warrior your dps really souldn't matter. Your job is to keep the adds off the group. When the dps complain that yours is too low, theirs probably is too.
meanwhile your team loses because you're out pooping in the wild, waiting for ragers 	I fucked typing that up. I meant we are RU and have all the objectives. So they come from the A side and I lock easily. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm not a fuck!
Where did you get it? So neat	Ebay! 
I was thinking that when I saw it happen. Hopefully not too serious, but serious enough to knock a few million off and scare other clubs.	Any club seriously thinking about investing 25-30 million in a player isn't going to get the willies over a sprained-ankle. Also, exactly how bad at business do you think Rennes are that they would consider an innocuous knock worthy of a multi-million discount?
There are many pros who have never spent money on LoL, I think Scarra is one of them. 	Tournaments also frequently reward RP as prizes.
Reddit raised the cap to 90	Reddit: Mists of Neckbeardia
I would say so.	Be seeing you Courier.....
I'm a ways away from the 55, but I can make it over that way. I live in Long Beach, but I can make it about as far as Newport. 	If you go to Newport, let me know. I might bring out my infamous longboard handstands.
She was from the widely popular [movie](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0093744/) in 1988.	An American Pippi Lngstrump? Blasphemy!
yeah thats right, the orang-putang	That was both the best and worst thing I've heard all day. newlinechar 
Definitely. It's a spot-on description, and in my opinion you are very pretty, so don't take the 'Michael Cera is ugly!' comments personally...haha. newlinechar  newlinechar Love that show.	I don't think you love it enough. Very obvious reference, straight over your head. 
[This](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/NASA_Shuttle_Transport.jpg) is how they transport them.	They also use [these](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mobile_Launcher_Platform) which is what the redditor above you was talking about to move from the [Vehicle Assembly Building](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vehicle_Assembly_Building) to the launch pad. newlinechar  newlinechar The crawlers move at 2 mph unloaded, but when the shuttle is loaded onto it, only moves at 1 mph.
Rereading book 1? Me too :)	Stephen Fry is reading it to me. :)
To be honest, I still believe that who gave you this years title wasnt Hulk, but Moutinho. newlinechar  newlinechar Im still clueless on how did we just throw him away for such a bargain.	I like to call Moutinho: 'ano mgico'
SORCERY! newlinechar  newlinechar Batch script makes me sad though :&lt;	I've been using it for a few month, its clean and works flawlessly
I'll be packing the R115 Resonator 	Ze Thunder gun
What kind of person are you and many of you were needed?	I am a simpleton, so naturally I approached the task alone, except with my mother yelling vague instructions over speakerphone.
Hey now, in just a short 8 months Berlin will have a nice new airport. Maybe.	I am currently listening to airplanes take off and leave from Tegel. I am going to miss this airport when it is gone. I grew up near an airport so the sound comforts me. I met my husband at Tegel. Oh well.
Nothing is overkill when it comes to making a badass pc... Except a floppy drive	Or a zip drive
upvote for being from pittsburgh and going to penn state	Seconded cause me too!
Cool, that's much clearer. newlinechar  newlinechar I expect they'll fix this quickly - is it reproducible?	Yes but it does take some time to get it right, you have to try a few times. But for me the risk of getting banned is too high. After all, I just want to play the game. :)
Indeed. It's almost as if he's trying to process his money in a foreign country, to somehow 'clean' it.  Laundry, if you will. 	You could even call it 'laundering of money'.
Link to the card on newegg? 	THe exact card doesn't exist anymore, but here's the equivelant.
Same here, as some one in the UK I've never really seen the Cosby show but now I get it. 	As a kid I thought Bill Cosby was just an occasionally recurring character on the Simpsons.
You let your friend try out YOUR dakimakura? newlinechar  newlinechar Holo confirmed for slut status	He grabbed her off my couch. It was not concensual. He was punched in the shoulder.
It overlaps from memory, so it's around 2.4sec ish because the stuns are consecutively overlapping.	It casts every 0.3 seconds, but the last one would have full duration. So this would lead to a 2.4 second stun, as you suggested. 
I agree.  But can we waterboard him?  Apparently that is legal and far from torture.	Just ask Hannity...
I'm sorry to be the bearer of bad news, but you had to find out sooner or later.	My character fucking rocks them,  newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/HXkl2.png
I designed this tattoo for a client who never bothered to show up to get it done.  I'd love to tattoo it on anyone who would like it in San Francisco.  I work at Soul Patch Tattoo on Haight.	Are you there permanently? Your website still says SF/Vancouver.
I noticed the same thing right after I read this post.  Can I be you too?	no
Well, that was one of the riskier clicks I've ever experienced.	For clarity: The image is not not not NSFW.
That's precious.	Thanks. I actually used to wear The One Ring all the time, on my finger, until it left a ring of green on my skin. I guess that's what I get for buying a four dollar ring off of Ebay.
I always assumed he was at least half British and will hear nothing to dissuade me from this.	He referenced more British culture than French for the most part - he quotes Shakespeare often, never Molire. So this theory has some legs, I think.
Leo Laporte makes me miss tech tv.	twit.tv is pretty damn good.
I don't get it. Why is it better to host the image directly from the site? Direct image linking will just eat up his bandwidth, without gaining him ad revenue. newlinechar  newlinechar Isn't it better to link from imgur, and link his site in the comments? newlinechar 	Even better is to just link to the page on his site. You can always add a mirror in the comments in case the site goes down.
Deranged President seen leaving French Gardens	Diet Pepsi slurped lustily from gallons.
You were expecting a motorcycle in serverporn?	Popped up in my front page, I didn't notice the subreddit to begin with ;)
that was truly amazing... I'm going outside to kill my cat so that I can request a tribute made by you in it's honour	[In loving memory of your cat!](http://i.imgur.com/AACuO.jpg)
I think this looks great. Art direction is really drawing me in.	Guy who created City 17, Viktor Antonov, is doing this magnificent work of art!
I don't know what ISK is supposed to stand for, but I just read it as Internet Space Kurrency.	It's Icelandic krna, the national currency of Iceland.
I hate it when people title their reddit links with titles that are directly contradicted by the link.  The article clearly states it was developed by the US and Israel.  	In that case you could call the submission link incomplete - in that it omits Israel - but not contradictory.
Impaled*	*Raped in chest cavity.
I'm not good enough with grammar to know if this is funny or not. 	I almost want to laugh, but the dangling preposition, in this instance, really is cringeworthy.
man, the pre-show was nasty this go round...It fit with my thursday perfectly	I don't listen live, what happened pre-show?
HAHAHA YOU'RE PART OF A SMALL CLUB OF PEOPLE WHO KNOW WHAT THIS STUPID SHIT IS, CONGRATS.	Sarcasm aside, it's actually some of the most quality stuff from the last five years or so. I'd recommend it.
Where is gyrocopter? I still can't see him. I must be blind or something D:	Above Chaos Knight, however this dude, cropped the image, so you only see the front part of the copter
A black widow bite is rarely fatal (from what i've read) newlinechar  newlinechar I also read an article about a crazy scientist that got bit by a black widow on purpose to prove that they weren't that dangerous, he survived iirc after feeling really bad for a few days.	I know they're not usually fatal, but black widows are very venomous and a bite is toxic enough to make one sick enough to not want to be bitten again. Source: my grandpa having been bit by one. 
But this isn't a meme :(	Actually /r/tf2memes says it is: For all the jokes, memes, MFW posts, how I feel playing..., advice animals, etc. that don't fit in /r/tf2. 
Hooray! newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks Crash newlinechar  newlinechar Now can you have someone look into the fact that this only seemed to wipe rounds I did well in? :-)	I hear you on that. 
That was my first thought! No cramming for exams, just have a chat with the principle about your behavior problems and you're set!!	principal* newlinechar  newlinechar The principle reason to speak to the principal is behavioural issues.
nomnomnomnomnomnom newlinechar 	I find it odd that women call men 'tasty' and 'yummy' etc. Can someone explain the comparison with men and good food?
Someone downvoted you, so I upvoted you.	Thanks I needed the extra boost!
A runescape reference, oh boy does that bring back memories. 	Free armor trimming.
Jesus was dead for three days before God used a revive. The dumbass should have used a max revive because he came back as Zombie Jesus rather than anything worth while.	But Arceus is the god pokemon, not the Jesus pokemon. If he goes down, all is lost, and the world is forsaken.
700-800 would probably do that for you. /r/buildapc 	700-800 what? Potatoes?
Haha... this is an acceptable answer.	He also has said that he likes the Candian flag because the leaf reminds him of the pot leaf.
I always knew kookaburras were assholes.	Damn, I always knew that tasted funny when I went to the outback 
In hindsight, yes. However, I was far from the only person on the grass bank that day =) 	Indeed, there were MANY furs waving to the passing traffic! XD newlinechar  newlinechar And to be fair, when no one was anywhere near the road, there were still the occasional horns being toot'ed!
You poor dear! This is why I don't play alone.	Wouldn't playing alone prevent this from happening?
&gt;Hursomhelst, att folk inte pratar bttre svenska n vad de gr efter 20 r r sjlvklart bde tragiskt och ett misslyckande fr svensk invandringspolitik. newlinechar  newlinechar Hur tycker du staten ska gra fr att f invandrare att lra sig sprket frivilligt tycker du d?	Jag r fr ett sprktest fr att bli svensk medborgare. newlinechar  newlinechar Sedan r ju det bara en effekt av dlig integrationspolitik. Om invandrare knner att svenska r ndvndigt i deras dagliga liv kommer de att lra sig sprket.
A movie is what I thought. With Will Smith being the injured boxer.	I think Forest Whitaker would fit the bill perfectly... &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;
Just in time. My fat 160gb, god bless her CPU, has finally stopped reading discs on me. I'm not sure if I wanna keep sinking money in to her or just let her die a noble death and get a new one	Bury her under the old apple tree in the garden my friend. newlinechar  newlinechar Her time has come.
Ape rape is no joke. 	I think it might be the very definition.
It's bad if they produced another Joffrey. 	&gt;It's bad if they produced another theon
woooo	santa ana represent
because, as renthor pointed out, it was tagged NSFW to hide the thumbnail which is a spoiler	Oh, right.  My bad.
GOT IT - La Place, located inside V&amp;D newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.tripadvisor.ca/ShowUserReviews-g188590-d948926-r38176674-La_Place-Amsterdam_Noord_Holland.html	thank you my fair sir
Because fuck you that's why. 	I hope they duct tape him down for the duration of season 2
I shall accept your hug! Fight Club is one of the few movies I decided to watch while I was beginning to question my faith. Great film as well.	Chase it with American History X.
I'm usually up for any spice related easting challenge, alas my parents are in town so I can't make this. If you're still alive after this you should organise another similar event at a better time. 	We can always go back to Suburbiton for another Phaal at some point.
Like the outfit and the glasses, gotta love a woman in latex and glasses ;-) newlinechar 	True dat.
When i'm getting a blowjob and she doesn't cup the balls. newlinechar  newlinechar It's cold in the basement. You gotta cup the balls.	Yeah, kids are the worst
I'm 6'11'. Why have I never thought about saying this?	6'5 here. I'm surprised to see this. Had to upvote because I thought I was the only one going around answering like that.
Not everything is beautiful.	I'm sure everyone who studies a particular field of math will say their field is beautiful.
Anyone remember the show that depicted computer hacking with two people typing on the same keyboard to 'speed' it up.  Yeah.	[Same show](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8qgehH3kEQ). newlinechar  newlinechar Makes you wonder if it's being done intentionally to send tech savvy people into apoplectic fits.
Yeah I missed the one on Monday, only just got into the country on wednesday. Though I was here in April last year, I think we were averaging 6-7 quakes a day	Ah yes, don't miss those days much. newlinechar  newlinechar Welcome back! newlinechar 
False. If spam is consider an unknown mixture of meat, how can you be certain it is not seafood?	Because pork.
dafuq is this? no way they are pulling the most sophisticated vehicle ever made on a raft with a tugboat in open ocean	This isn't a real shuttle. It's the Explorer, a NASA full-sized model on display at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida that's being moved to the JSC in Houston. It can't even be mated to the SCA (the 747s), let alone flown around on one. 
It was a joke thread. Characters from Kingdom Hearts were being treated as League characters - the OP asks how to gank with Aqua, then people call him an idiot for not playing her mid and just freefarming.	AKA, typical /v/ stuff, actually. People going along with jokes. Very surprised by the lack of trolls / combobreakage though. newlinechar  newlinechar On a side note, Sora is broken and needs a nerf. Axel is underpowered.
you get an upvote since that's what I picked.	Upvotes for all, because I picked those exact three!
lemon juice mixed with honey can help, or you could try something crazy like seeing a doctor.	2+ tablespoons of honey newlinechar  newlinechar Half of a lemon, squeezed newlinechar  newlinechar Microwave concoction for 30-45 seconds, enjoy the soothing sensation. Always works for me! newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: thanks jynnjynn
Actually India was always the most important British colony. newlinechar  newlinechar Losing the Americas wasn't that detrimental to Britain's status as the world's biggest superpower of the time, as trade with the newly formed United States still allowed for economic success in the area.	indeed, India was far more productive than the US which was basically mostly empty land dotted with disgruntled migrants.
I'm ok with being second choice to teams which are actually (and definitely) better than us, i.e. Madrid and Barca. It would be unreasonable to expect anything more until we have more success.	How do you intend to achieve success if we are everyone's second-choice and less preferred option?
Chainsaw dildos?	Double sided chainsaw dildos.
Actually /r/tf2memes says it is: For all the jokes, memes, MFW posts, how I feel playing..., advice animals, etc. that don't fit in /r/tf2. 	Okay....
That sounds awesome, yet somewhat dangerous	Sounds more like rape to me. 
'The Supper Club offers delicious tapas till late 7 days a week'   newlinechar best information that they have on their website.  They used to have definite hours (I think it was like 2am) but I guess they just close when it's not busy now. 	So, call ahead.
From reading his replies, this either seems like a half assed attempt at publicity, or just a half assed attempt at an IAMA.	We're only discussing Rampart here. Thank you for your understanding.
Right? I'm finding more and more on here that I'm not alone in this. 	May I inquire as to why you hate whales so much? I haven't encountered enough whales to develop any kind of enmity towards them but I personally hate cattle and deer myself. 
But that only works 43% of the time.	40 percent of the time, it works every time.
You're my hero.	No problem mate, had the same issue myself. 
make a scale model out of mashed potatoes- we can figure this thing out	better yet make a scale model and lite it on fire...
I hate the F2P they did, it went from 670 silver coins to 3K+.	Oh, yeah their pricing was messed up big time for the premium items.
It's not AMD that make smartphone processors, it's a British company called ARM.	Shit... TIL. newlinechar  newlinechar All this time I have been confusing the two.  Thanks.
I think it's more of a treat for the fans as opposed to a cash grab. I mean, what other tv drama has an after show?	[Doctor Who Confidential](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doctor_Who_Confidential) and [Torchwood Declassified](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Torchwood_Declassified) are aftershows for their respective shows in the UK. Good stuff on there sometimes too. 
I picture you coming back and your bike playing cards with the others!  newlinechar  newlinechar 'LOOK DADDY I LEARNED HOW TO PLAY GO FISH!' newlinechar 	They grow up way too fast. 
Or... revenge.	Yes, I'm sure that won't escalate or anything.
while literally john romero was very rude in what they said, the part about it not making a significant impact is true. newlinechar  newlinechar [Sauce](http://examine.com/faq/is-hfcs-high-fructose-corn-syrup-worse-than-sugar.html)	HFCS has been found now in multiple studies to havea significant impact. newlinechar  newlinechar Princeton : http://www.princeton.edu/main/news/archive/S26/91/22K07/ newlinechar  newlinechar Follow- up: http://grist.org/article/interview-with-princeton-hfcs-researcher-dr-bart-hoebel/ newlinechar  newlinechar Duke University links HFCS to liver damage: http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2010/03/100322204628.htm newlinechar  newlinechar 
_ newlinechar  newlinechar NOT COOL	You say to sir_horsefucker?
Does it take place a few years later like 24?  I would like that, especially because we would have master Jinora, the third airbending master we would ever see in action, and the first female airbending master we would see airbend at all.	I like this, but I will comment on the first female airbending master being Jinora... I think at least we have seen Avatar Yangchen airbend in flashbacks. But this is really great that we are seeing more airbending from Tenzin's kids.
Yes, the Recreational Sports Facility. newlinechar  newlinechar Funny thing about college; everything is an acronym.  It's like a secret code.  That's how you separate the students from the tourists.	fsm ?  or..  gbc ? 
noob start, but I never give up. once crawled for 4 hrs with broken legs under 1k blood to find friends everything was so blury I couldn't even give directions.	yeah but we finally managed to find you and and apply blood, give us some credit :P.
Depends-are you Irish? newlinechar  newlinechar *Too soon?*	*So brave.*
Damn it, first thing I noticed. 	Nooooo... only 17 comments, i thought i'd might have a chance :(
OH GOD DAMNIT!	[Quick, watch this.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqV3clvlC4Q)
xXxXLegolasSniperxXxX420	LegolaZz*
AndroMilka.	I like the sound of Milkymeda.
...in Canada.	In America as well, tons of people watched just to see them get beaten.
seems like its raining tomorrow. Just woke up for work and its raining quite heavily and it is said to be raining tomorrow as well :[	Ya looks like it's gonna be way cooler than normal tomorrow even without the rain. I'm making the executive decision and moving the meetup back to VC.
And modest too.	Absolutely!  Left that one off the list at the risk of sounding too awesome.  :) Point is, it's not a show that gives people a rounded view of things, can lead to the assumption that anyone who's into science and gaming must be some quirky weirdo
It has everything to do with the state. If you hit your child for disagreeing with it, it will just accept it when the state does the same.	pizzlybear is a racist pro-violence person who posts apologia for violence.  He calls himself an ancap, but has no problem violating the principles of ancapism when it suits him. newlinechar  newlinechar Keep tabs on him and you will see him do exactly as I described here.
here's the joke: [Roman Polanski is a famous movie director who was charged with having sex with a minor (a 13 year old girl), and then fled to France to avoid being sentenced.](/spoiler)	But did he do it twice? The joke pretty much hinges on that.
The Japanese culture leads many of its citizens to do extraordinary things for the empire. Fukushima may require the evacuation of the entire northern hemisphere.	While I do think that the problem is more serious than we were told in the news, don't you think that your prognosis is little... far-fetched? Or you could explain.
Ow God... That's... Ugh, she swallowed, never swallow people.	It was pretty nasty to watch, but her reactions cracked me up
The jazz band I'm playing in recently did a cover of that song. Needless to say I bought it for toking music. 	link?
lol ok i was only going for a joke but i wouldn't wish rape on anyone	Oh the 'I was only joking defence'. Classic. Only ever used after a very serious post.
TL;DR: [Freudian Excuse](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/FreudianExcuse) newlinechar  newlinechar p.s. I hope you weren't planning on getting anything productive done today.	I have a paper due in 5 hours. I hate you.
Or complete chaos and instability. That's one of the biggest things I've always thought about. Everyone says they'd kill someone like Hitler. Imagine the repercussions from killing someone so high profile.	Killing humans is a big fucking deal. We don't get big expensive funerals because nobody cares.
I'll second that. Never discovered that street, but did spend a bit of time at Lolli's drinking Neustadt Hell and Lenin's Hanf. 	It's like 500 meters from Lollis, but it took me 3 days and a map to find the back alley where it is :P
Replace Constellations with Warm Smiles and it's perfect!	Nooooooo, Warm Smiles is good but IMO it's the weakest song on the album. Not even joking, if they played Constellations live, tears would be streaming down my face.
There are too many people not picking up on this.   Have these young whipper-snappers never seen a physical paper before?!	I fear the only paper they know about is in the bathroom.
I don't want armageddon unless it involves zombies.	That may happen sooner.
i think the whole point of those accounts is to see how much negative karma you can get	Then obviously you haven't done a very good job of it, mr. trollsconstantly. newlinechar  newlinechar You and your thousand-some karma.
http://i.imgur.com/MycnR.jpg newlinechar  newlinechar Pretty much from them looking alike.	I can see the resemblance from the eyes up.
Maybe his parents are forcing him to give it away?  newlinechar &gt; WE can't accept a trip to Disney.. newlinechar  newlinechar I dunno man, the kid kinda sounds forced..	no joke, the kid was crying when he said he couldn't accept it, his parents were behind the camera LAUGHING! 
i saw them last year and was saddened that only flea and kiedis play topless now.  newlinechar  newlinechar 	Well I'm sure Josh could play topless considering he is still very young.
Watching sports, well, namely motorsports/F1	makes sense
Remember how it rained in the scene after the brutal murder of the spider? Yeah, I bet you do, think about it...	'brutal murder of the spider' newlinechar  newlinechar Oh god, how many horrible murders I have committed over the years.
UA is blaming it on the authorities allowing WN to do international flights from HOU, but that's reeking of bullshit.	They had it planned all along. They're just using Southwest as a cover.
I can't disagree with you because what I'm about to say is that morality is subjective.	I would recommend reading the book [The Moral Landscape](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Moral_Landscape), it's an interesting perspective on how morality is not subjective, and can instead be determined through science.
They're a charity group that rebuilds houses destroyed by Niagara Falls.	They get into a lot of fights with visiting charity groups though. Its pretty embarrassing. 
Yeah, keystrokes and mouse clicks that happen one after another with 5 miliseconds delay are not at all detectable. Sure. Yeah. Keep on believin'.	It's not solid proof however. What if the game stutters and multiple keystroke are buffered?
karma for a fellow college history nerd	Internet fistbump for you too, good sir or lady!
carp =  = koi =  = love.	Or put another way: newlinechar  newlinechar carp (romaji: koi)    newlinechar lover (romaji: koi)  newlinechar  newlinechar It's not that they're written similar, it's that they're pronounced the same. newlinechar 
I'll take a potato chip and EAT IT! 	The hyperventilating is what made it. That may be my favorite voice acting to date.
Fighting the downvote!  It's shown here in the UK at that early evening 'I have no idea what to do with myself' time, perfect filler lol	Channel 1, Pointless is what you do. 
I wrote this code for the original thread. It is now incorrect. newlinechar  newlinechar That was during the beta, and Blizzard added some skills since then. Here's an up-to-date version: http://pastebin.com/0KdWFK46	Thanks, couldn't get it to work, but your updated version worked right away! newlinechar  newlinechar Awesome stuff :P
Way to go champ.                  newlinechar *fatherly pat on the back	Thanks Dad.
I find it odd that women call men 'tasty' and 'yummy' etc. Can someone explain the comparison with men and good food?	We are the ones who can handle a grill, which makes us tasty and yummy.
Weird. I'm in the same situation with her.	Zooey Deshanel and I though.. things are looking up
tl;dr My side lost the last election and now I'm all sad.	Canada vs Canada.. Canada lost, it was a very sad match indeed. 
I've never had an ad. What o_0	i think he meant those 'update news' we can toggle on and off via the settings.
Damn, I never considered booze at Costco. They don't sell if here in Canada.  newlinechar  newlinechar God bless America. 	Colorado can't sell liquor or beer in grocery stores. Or Id still have a costco card. 
[](/rdsmile 'sure he is still passed out, but all I have is a cherry pie')	[](/spitfire 'Damn. He'll figure that out too fast.')
You can use the term 'gals' when referring to groups of women. newlinechar  newlinechar You could also get creative by using terms like 'sisters' or 'lassies' 	I feel kind of awkward about 'gals' but I cant quite verbalise why. And lassie feels so condescending to me. It feels like the equivalent of girls just from another culture.  newlinechar  newlinechar Also, nice to see the downvote brigade out today.
When you press snooze do you get slimed?	The clock that puts the 'ooze' back in 'snooze.'
Get the torches and pitchforks!	why can't I use my Uzi? Seems awfully old fashioned to use gardening tools.
No way, these things are gold.	These puns are going to make my curanium explode.
I'd say I can't wait for him to retire but I know it won't make a blind bit of difference. 	Everton are just beastly, I wouldn't be surprised if the SAUDIS decided they want a piece of this PL cake. newlinechar  newlinechar Having said that, every team in the PL could be bought and Wenger would still manage to finish 4th ffs.
They see my rolling, they hatin'	Bake me cakes, don't keep me waitin'
That truck is bloody enormous, what do you use it for? newlinechar  newlinechar 	Playing in the sandpit newlinechar 
Bonus points, poo in a bowl, put it in the microwave for 1 hour, leave.	That's a shitty thing to do.
Got drunk, slept with a drug addict.	Ouch!! I'm so sorry!
I don't see how Schrrle doesn't start ahead of Podolski with his recent national team form. It seems almost immediately after he comes on, he scores with an excellent, powerful shot.	I'm not a big fan of Podolski but he is a workhorse. So when Schrrle comes onto the pitch, his opponents are tired. Schrrle and Reus are great substitutes at the 60-70 minutes mark because they are fast as hell and are likely to score.
*Oh yeah because none of our captains have left*	Oh captain my captain
[Desolation Wilderness](http://enterdesolationwilderness.com) newlinechar  newlinechar Budget was ~$8k, shot for two weeks with a skeleton crew in Illinois/Wisconsin. Screened at 0 festivals and got not seen a lot. Learned a lot, though, so there's that.	Is there anyway to actually see this? The trailer is very interesting.
It is amazon affiliates spamming.  Report them to amazon since the affiliates are not allowed to spam their referral links.	Thanks for the info. 
LPT: Keep a full jerrycan in the trunk.	Don't want that gas smell.  D:
I want to have sex with NightEnds voice newlinechar  newlinechar RIP lastshadow	Could you please explain to me what's with this 'RIP lastshadow'? I haven't been following the scene lately.
Nefandi should move his comment into that subreddit.	If only that were possible...
yes eat out every meal (we are fan of Boots) newlinechar  newlinechar computer? newlinechar  newlinechar phone? newlinechar  newlinechar 	Talke-phones are pretty important nowadays! newlinechar  newlinechar Also, why not ditch the PJs and sleep in your t-shirt and underwear, and pack a warm fleece or jumper if you're travelling during colder monts?
Did you seriously just put 'good' and 'Beats headphones' in the same sentence?	Is this guy trolling us, maybe? Fjjinbao, this is not /r/audiojerk.
Ahh, NZ, the Oceanic Canada.	I like our neighbours to the east
Freud has some interesting things to tell you...	Saying 'Tell dad he's sexy as fuck' is not a subconscious thought...
She plays the role of the buxom siren in AMC's 'Mad Men'	[Better in Firefly](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCW9k7ogOI4)
Upvotes for being the only person who can use you're correctly so far.	Seconded.
Get the petition started and I'll be more than willing to stand in front of retail stores to get this on the ballet.	Petitions are so much more fun when the guy harassing you is trying to balance on toe shoes.
I'm surprised.  I am one of the people who thought the numbers were higher.  I always thought the numbers were closer to 10% on average, though I can't remember where I learned that now.	Goddammit! That has just halved the pool of potential boyfriends.
No, I am convinced now that wisp will be a big cyan box. 	For copyright reasons.
Worst superpower ever.	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daredevil_%28Marvel_Comics%29
I'm a massive Bassnectar fan and I love the Thunder. [My face when I saw this commercial.](http://i.imgur.com/gWML6.gif)	this is the last sub i expected to see a bassnectar mention. newlinechar  newlinechar also- bassnectar is god
Foley has been pushing for wwe to sign Joe for a long time.  When he's not on a murderous wrestling rampage, Joe just appears to be a fat guy :(	What about Brodus? That guy is fat. 
I think there was 10 minutes in the year 1265. newlinechar  newlinechar But I'm pretty sure I just made that up.	Didn't the mongols pillage, rape and conquer their way accross eastern europe and westernish asia in the 13th century?
Guy who created City 17, Viktor Antonov, is doing this magnificent work of art!	Yeah, funnily enough I read that somewhere and it's what made me look into the game! There's definite similarities, particularly with the cars, and the guys on stilts look a bit like Striders to me.
It's like the most hydrophobic substance ever...	Oh, that's why you said not to mix it. That explains why it wouldn't mix with the dew in my mouth.. I had to scrape it off of my teeth with my tounge.
Thank you! People always make fun of me for thinking Lindsey Lohan was a babe back in the day. 	Anyone who denies that probably hasn't seen the pictures. She used to be incredibly good looking until she destroyed her body
A lot of academic general surgery residencies now require 1-2 years of research in addition to the 5 of training.	WHY ON EARTH
officially on the list, so is watching the series... newlinechar  newlinechar thanks	/r/patientwatchers and /r/patientgamers embrace your style.
You know, I never see this in rage comics anymore, always in comments.	Switch to NIGHTMARE mode, you see it all the time.
Not really. You could be living in a cramped building with cramped greenhouses. We're not particularly close to being able to create artificial atmosphere for a whole planet.	&gt;We're not particularly close to being able to create artificial atmosphere for a whole planet. newlinechar  newlinechar I'd say we're doing a pretty good job here on Earth :P
&gt;And from there I have no idea what happened. newlinechar  newlinechar Hopefully, something like [this](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-omROMpndGxg/Tc7u4l6py3I/AAAAAAAAATo/8eAytOrvFR0/s1600/army_of_darkness_poster_04.jpg).	I was hoping more like [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JF3z12-HZyM#t=10s).
Do you really want to see Julia Gillard more than that anyway? Let alone hear her. 	Haha not particularly.  newlinechar  newlinechar I can't say I miss Australian politics but I am sad I missed the whole Tony Abbott running away from Craig Thomson thing.
At least you don't live in Ohio like I do.	...but your state has so many rollercoasters!
I fucked typing that up. I meant we are RU and have all the objectives. So they come from the A side and I lock easily. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm not a fuck!	Mmm, I see. Sorry about my poop comment, you're okay in my book.
We are on a quest from Notch himself to find the Golden Apple!	We already got one!
Quick! We need to become best friends so I can comfort your wife!	Can I be Carl? I promise to stay in the house newlinechar EDIT: my name is Shane, i just think i would do a better job of being Carl because he kind of sucks
HON doesn't have free heroes. They're using the same model as LoL. newlinechar  newlinechar If you were 'lucky' enough to have bought the game, you have the heroes for free (old ones), but thats not available anymore so this discussion is pointless.	I get the new heroes for free, since I originally bought it.  However, I don't get their 2 newest heroes for free.  You know, the broken ones with godlike unbalanced abilities that they let payers dink around with for a couple weeks.
You should install a sarcasm detector too.	Or stick him in /gonewild and watch the carnage.
last time i did that i was EXPLODED	I did it once, it was pretty well received.
USERNAME LEVEL = RELEVANT!1!!!1 	FOR EVERY EXCLAMATION POINT I WILL REMOVE ONE MYSELF FROM A GIRL'S FRIENDZONE
What about the butcher's boy? ...or was that an order from the king... newlinechar 	He ran.
http://truth-out.org/news/item/9494-head-of-catholic-bishops-paid-pedophiles-to-disappear	What's that? Crickets? Concerning one of the most powerful clerics in America? I am *shocked*.
or here: newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ftoQ8l13Q4&amp;feature=related	Thanks for posting this, stupid UK netflix has a complete lack of content.
I think Reeve is the best Superman we're ever going to get. The character just seems too hard to write a script for without changing him. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Reeves is Superman.
Because UE3 can't handle projectiles past a certain speed.	red orchestra projectiles are pretty speedy arent they?
You gotta put yo cock in her bro.	I'm not sure her brother would like that. 
There's a guy that comes to my FNM and loves using it. It's pretty strong, but obv. only when there's nothing to counter it. 	That statement applies to just about every card. Anything can be strong when nothing is there to stop it.
Well, that was... blunt.	You rang?
The head will keep biting for *a day or two* after being severed? Are you joking?	Nope^nope^nope^nope^nope^nope^nope^nope^nope^nope
Running 5k for the first time ever.	Ive ran several 5ks before, they can be hard. newlinechar Edit: I dont understand the downvotes i simply meant that runnting a 5k is hard and is a good acomplishment especially in todays society. Or are the downvotes for something else?
Obviously, your mom is going to be your dad and just hasn't come out yet.	I am just sitting here on a hillside laughing so hard right now. That was an excellent deduction.
Dogs do. I'm not sure about weeks; but it's highly advised to give a dog their own 'space' (usually a kennel) so that they can have alone time. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.humanesociety.org/animals/dogs/tips/crate_training.html newlinechar  newlinechar 	Uh, did you actually read any of that?  It's basically a way to train your dog to accept short term confinement.  Nothing in there actually suggests dogs have a psychological need for this.
That seems a little dramatic. In a world of snapcasters, delvers, lingering souls and titans. Most powerful clone ever, yes, but 'ignorant mistake' for something you can kill with anything that targets seems a bit much. newlinechar 	Unless it clones Lord of the Unreal.
This is the article, sorry about that(new to Reddit, technologically impaired...which you think I would be better at since apparently I MUST be a paid shill working for COINTELPRO or something). newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.examiner.com/article/romney-did-not-win-nomination#comments	Yeah, somewhat annoyingly, you can either post a link or some text, but not both.
Was a great game, ashe mid, alistar solo bot, teemo solo top and spawn karthus	I was pointing out that you forgot to block his name at the top.
It has been linked to swollen joints, but the best way to treat that is to just roll them thinner...	I cant tell if that's a spliffing idea or if you're toke-ing shit
That looks like some homeopathic placebo chill. [This is what scientific chill looks like.](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/25/Diazepam_structure_2.svg)	Is homeopathic chill made of tiny little pieces of unchill?
Interesting loophole, but no mas. Sorry mate. 	Wait, what is this new rule? I haven't heard about this
I love you five ever.	What the fuck just happened in this thread?
I think they make them all before they start the series.	Is the second season already finished?
Smelt cobble, place produced smooth stone, re-mine it as cobble, repeat.	But you'll need some fuel.. so it's not unlimited xp.. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar But still fuel is easy to get.. :/
Is that Welsh?	Ydw.
And his foot's height is 0.8 inches.	And he's wearing shoes.... that are .199999 inches thick
Supposedly Josh does not have the ability to play Snow and that is why they do not play it on tour. John was just that superior.	Snow is the strangest song, it doesn't sound that hard but to be able to play that riff at full speed for 5 minutes while singing back up vocals does my brain in.
:rinseLather newlinechar  newlinechar IF USER &lt;&gt; 'Clue' newlinechar  newlinechar THEN envokeexpression 'Explain Like They Are 4' newlinechar  newlinechar END newlinechar  newlinechar IF User = 'Clue' newlinechar  newlinechar THEN NEXT newlinechar  newlinechar ELSE GOTO :rinseLather newlinechar  newlinechar END newlinechar  newlinechar COMMIT	&gt;IF User = 'Clue' newlinechar  newlinechar Is a pointless expression that will never evaluate to true.
Fun fact: On the GameBoy Colors, you could hold down combinations of buttons to change all of the colors for game.	This worked only for original Game Boy games because of their monochromatic design.
NOT ORANGUTANS!	These two combined would make a nice t-shirt for those liberal college hippies
Yes, but I love my fuzzy kitteh. It's just a stereotype that I'd prefer to distance myself from, though I embody it. 	What's wrong with loving a pussy?
Is July as bad as August, or are the two months very similar in terms of being full of tourists?  I was planning on being there for the entire month of July and maybe a week or two of August.  Muchas gracias!	July is not quite as bad as August in that respect. July is much livelier, as most locals haven't gone on vacation yet.
He's one of the best for ring psychology, but Ziggler is a better 'seller'	selling isn't just about flopping around and flailing after taking a move
Well, that and the English Civil War lasted nine years, killed 10% of the entire population, and left us as a republic for the only time in our history. newlinechar  newlinechar It's historically very important to our history, just as the American civil war is to American history.	I think he/she might have meant the American Civil War and British-owned mills in the US. 
A man will never win in a 'do I look fat/pretty/ugly/skinny' question.	Just chew it over with a twix...works every time 
You wouldn't upvote a policeman, send his helmet to his widow and then upvote her too.	Yeah I would.
It's what time?	it's seven pm here. it's five am back home.
Free armor trimming.	Rune trimmed or Black trimmed? Hell, i'll give you both.
[ASOS, maybe AFFC spoiler](/b 'Also, it is not Tyrion it is Petyr and Queen of Thorns who kill Joffery. ')	I'm sorry but while I have read all of the books I do not remember the [Book Spoiler](/b 'Queen of Thorns role in the whole debacle.') Please remind me? I found brief mention of it in the Wiki of Ice and Fire but no real detail. 
If all they wanted to use were sidearms, sure.	don't worry he could sell 2 and buy 3 small crates of mosin's plus ammo to arm everyone and then some. 
The only right move here is to look the employee directly in the eye and wink as you pick a box out.	Be smooth.  Grab two boxes.
I know breadfriend always puts *me* in tears. 	It is my first time seeing breadfriend and I am currently in tears.
Nice Type R...but what country are you in?	Thanks! newlinechar I live in Melbourne, Australia
Go Huskies!	I'll give you an upvote, even if I did go to WSU. newlinechar  newlinechar Not like we had a chance. Or ever have :p
Pickup line: Sorry, I'm not usually this tall, but I'm sitting on my wallet. newlinechar 	Aw, thats a sweet pickupline. [This is how I would react](http://i.imgur.com/pZPEo.gif)
Move to Portland, Oregon. I'm straight, but would be getting laid way more if I were gay.	Every man would be getting laid way more easily if they were gay.
The Hobbit has a special place on my heart, especially that scene; I was in a coma for a month and I woke up to my aunt reading that book to me, Gandalf was busy setting the tree on fire.	Oh wow, I'm assuming you meant 'coma'? Were your dreams full of magic? newlinechar  newlinechar LOTR means a lot to me, my dad used to read them to me when I was young. Not quite the same significance. 
i totally remember that thread and am proud to say that one was mine	*looks at username*
a Jewish boy asks his father for $40. He father then replies 'Thirty dollars!, what do you need twenty dollars for?'	'Here's ten dollars. Bring the change.'
Except pipes are useful.	I'd rather go without pipes than without shoes.
Doe-n't encourage this type of behavior. 	I'd pay at least a buck to see this pun thread stop.
Purple link..	BE PROUD FAGET
Crack up with the creepy.[](/pphello)	Snigger at the sinister
There's something so charming about Kingdom Hearts that no other game (its sequels included) have never seemed to capture again. newlinechar  newlinechar Perhaps it was the amazement that incredible movies were being mixed in with an incredible story.	I agree entirely. My friend and I talk about Kingdom Hearts endlessly. Damn fine series. It was my first game on my PS2.
plus they're merging books 4 and 5 for the TV series, so who knows if it'll be one or two seasons, or even more, encompassing those books.	One season for books 4 and 5? You have to be kidding, have you read them? They are huge books, they need two seasons at least. 
I was lucky enough to see them a couple years back, they are still an amazing band.	Lucky lucky, I missed em last time they played around here and all my friends saw them.
disregard trolls, acquire ELO	My favorite Notorious BIG quote.
I thought I won, ya son of a whore. 	HEY THAT'S MY M- well, yeah I guess you're right.
The photo quality in the beginning is kinda bad though, shouldn't have zoomed in as much. Hope at least one of you enjoys this :)	i certainly did! hilarious xD
I have never had a problem with the capra demon even on my 4th playthrough. Just abuse the stairwell. I had more problems with eagle statues near the first bell.	Gargoyles dude! Capra was a fucker, so are the gargoyles, my easy boss was queelag/gaping dragon.
so... if I post a picture of a cat that I saved from a dumpster here...will I get more upvotes?	As long as its an atheist cat. 
but wait... you cannot reply to a sarcastic comment with a serious one... hmmmm.	Well someone needs to break these internet barriers down.
Second this. It's much easier to reference text when it comes to playing instead of having to tediously skip around a video. 	But written format doesn't give you youtube views (and therefore $).
Except we haven't been cheating and did as we were told by liking their facebook page all the way up to 3.4 million?	Well technically this isn't a kind of equal's relationship.  It's more of like our boss said he'd give us gifts if we worked extra hard and got good results, and he gives us a kazoo or something.
Yeah I caught myself *just* before I hired a prostitute.	I murdered a guy. The po po saw it happen but I outran them and waited in the top floor of a car park til the heat lifted.  newlinechar 
Wow. Unfuckingbelievable. You've done a fine deed. I hope this little guy/gal turns into your new best friend! :D	A month old kitten would have its eyes open, be walking around, and at least be drinking formula or canned food. This is surely a newborn.
No!	So. It has come to this.
You can't exit quickly with getting drinks?	Some people really nurse their drinks. I'm one of them!  I think s/he means most people drink alcohol more slowly than a coffee. And us SAPs are too kind to leave before finishing our drinks. 
Jimi Hendrix and Red Hot Chili Peppers? We also play Radiohead. As long if it sounds good on the acoustic, we're playin' it. And a lot.	Oh that's awesome! :)
Interesting. Paul supporters bash our military now cry to them for help. 	It's like I've always said.  They like/dislike things based on whatever supports their assertions at that moment. newlinechar  newlinechar 'New poll shows over 115% of the military support Dr. Paul.  They're the real patriots' newlinechar  newlinechar 'SOLDIERS=BABYKILLERS!!!' newlinechar  newlinechar 'LOLJK we need protection now'
Correct you are,my friend.	Right on, man. I missed their set because I took friends to the bank. It was killer seeing them play the Fixx Cafe.
YAY!  newlinechar I'm a redditor now! I finally fixed someones grammar! 	someone's
So the way to get beautiful, fresh, urine is to cut someone's bladder open with a knife and drink it.  Got it.	Personally I'd take out the kidneys and squeeze them like oranges, that's the only way to guarantee it's absolutely fresh and clean. 
Awkward, I read that as 'orgies'. newlinechar  newlinechar 	No, you didn't. You just want to portrait yourself as a quirky fellow whose mild dyslexia allows him to see headlines in a total different way than the rest of us common folk. Well not this time, not this time.
Clearly guilty, TO THE GALLOWS	his face is priceless. before we off him though, i wanna know what they are hiding in there...
You probably meant .	Yes, you're right, and so is he - it is more authentic-sounding
probably tagged as NSFW to hide the thumbnail for the spoiler	aye, the wall is no easy place to hide in a thumbnail.
Chaz?	hey bro whatsup? you hungry? MA THE MEATLOAF
It's so awkward getting what looks like visible ladyboners. 	You mean... all y'all ain't ladyboys? ... .:(
You are, literally, the exact first person to ever say this to me. 	Admit it, you are he, the great one, our lord and saviour McLovin?
Well, it was the Greek sport, after all. 	Naked and covered in oil for the muscly shine.
'As the tree, so the fruit' describes it very well.	vielen Dank!
You have a really strong jawline. Handsome guy, not my cup of tea though.	Thanks for your reply! =)
Didn't Ryze post a big YESSSSSS twitter status the other day? Implying that they got invited?	Ryze is a massive troll, I can tell you this first-hand.
As a Mexican, I thought it was funny.	So did my co-worker :) who just so happens to be of Mexican heritage.
I haven't played in a while, what cape is it?	Tokhar-Kal or Rhino cape as it's known lately. One up from the firecape, from the harder version of the fight caves called the Fight Kiln. 
sure, if they're doing their job.	http://www.vicroads.vic.gov.au/NR/rdonlyres/825D27E2-193B-482E-BEB1-FE527F6C2A12/0/part_19.pdf
Have you seen [Microsoft's developer dick move](http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/u3pqj/microsoft_pulling_free_development_tools_for/) with Windows 8? newlinechar  newlinechar As douchey as Oracle is, the Java platform and developer tools are free (gratis and libre). If only Java just didn't suck as much as C#. What a horrid and verbose language to write in!	C# is awesome, but ye dick move by MS.
[Same show](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8qgehH3kEQ). newlinechar  newlinechar Makes you wonder if it's being done intentionally to send tech savvy people into apoplectic fits.	Reminds me of this Mitchell and Webb sketch [link] (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_AmdvxbPT8)
What if I told you newlinechar  newlinechar That's his last one?	What if I told you newlinechar  newlinechar Wharrggrrbble!
That's too good for him.  Murder everyone he knows so he knows the meaning of true loneliness.	He works at a Verizon store, what's the chances of him knowing anyone outside of his own family?
*looks down at phone* newlinechar  newlinechar Damn you, iphone. Damn you.	I know that feel..
I know I'm going to get downvoted for this, but DAE think atheists are smarter than theists?	Well duh, atheist has an extra 'a'. Checkmate. 
probably the coolest name for a mountain.	Is this the toblerone mountain btw? Looks like it
I guess on the cover of the little mermaid VHS theirs something bout sex hidden somewhere. Oh and apparently Walt Disney was extremely antisemetic	on the front cover the towers look slightly phallic newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.anomalies-unlimited.com/Disney/Mermaid.html 
I'm Ron Burgundy?	*I'm Ron Burgundy, go fuck yourself, San Diego*
Vad jag frsttt s r /r/sweden ganska drogliberalt? Kr en throwaway om du inte vill bli stmplad eller ngot, annars kan jag frga istllet fr dig. Nmligen ocks nyfiken o_O	Till viss del. Har stllt liknande frgor innan och jag fick en drs med downvotes. Det kommer frmodligen svar ssom 'torska inte frn frsta brjan hashtomte' eller 'r du s dum s att du torskar s fr du frvnta dig konsekvenser.' Det r den nivn det ligger p.
Because it is of a cat evidently about to fall to its death.	I don't think it is 'evidently' at all. 
No one forces him to buy. I would prefer it to begging for a beta key. Other option is to wait till the release.	I bought it.  Eager to see how it is.
Ah, gotcha... newlinechar  newlinechar Still, none of this could've been explained in-game? Heh.	You might want to pass the information along to the dev team.  They might not realize its unfriendliness, or at least it may not be a high enough priority as it should be.
He said 'what? That's not even close to how it happened.' newlinechar  newlinechar YOU DON'T SAY??	If eve came from a rib, why do we still have ribs?
He probably didn't connect the video cable well enough. Take it back and have him check.	Is it something he should definitely do or is there a way for me to do it?  newlinechar  newlinechar Also, Happy Cake Day! :)
Good point. It's those frisky front lifters you have to keep an eye on.	if they reach for your shorts newlinechar  newlinechar You are gonna have a bad time newlinechar  newlinechar ski_instructor.jpg
...OK	this novelty account is pretty ok
the usa gets free speech.	I think we Brits will take dissent against tea.
All of our trekkie arguments about how impractical it is to build a starship on the ground, on a planet have no power to knock this poster. It's awesome. newlinechar  newlinechar Very cool, guy! newlinechar Edit: or gal.	guy - appreciated!
Everyone knows reality shows are all staged.	Done in a soundstage on Venus.
~~Chocobo~~ Moa racing!	In line with this I would like moa breeding.
I'm replying here in hopes that someone replies to this with an equal amount of thought and consideration.  Thanks for the great reply.  Here's hoping Mr. Bas responds.	I'm replying for the same reason.  I'm also not holding my breath that I'll see a proper response.  This whole things sounds like a pipedream.
Yeah you'd need more C4 for that.	more than 'enough'? paradoxical.
What's the best part about fucking 26 year olds?  newlinechar  newlinechar There are 20 of them. 	People give pedophiles a hard time - but at least they drive slowly through school zones...
Surprise her if she likes surprise's.	She does, I think I will try! The only problem is I equally love surprising people to the extend that I have a bad habit of often blewing it since I simply can't wait anymore.. but I'll do my best [](/twipride) 
It maybe a serious question, but it's not a NSFW one (Unless he found it via the porn). : P	I found it via the porn... And I'm able to separate clop fanon/fanon/canon flawlessly! I watch episodes 3-4 times before I start to notice the plot.
I agree. After the 'save Rukia' arc, I just can't get back into it. 	I really enjoyed all of it - I agree that the filler arcs kind of get in the way of the flow sometimes but they can be quite good to watch when you ignore the fact it's interrupting the main story 
Not as much a fan of Pointless... All over Eggheads though. newlinechar  newlinechar Especially Judith.	But, but, but.... Richard Osman!!
You may not have been aware of the ongoing debate around women in the sciences, but for many people it can be eye-opening and inspiring to see a woman get a PhD in chemistry. 	and approaching it in this manner just perpetuates the stereotype. let it go and maybe more people will adopt thegreatgload's more equal view. just saying.
I say, those Mac users are a rather unsavory sort!	Quite.
'I knew it was worth investing in that Monster cable!'	-Nobody in the entire world.
how many right-hand-drive vans are there in 'merica?	Just the one, I imagine. Unless the van was taking a self shot in the mirror for r/vansgonewild? newlinechar 
Dude what the...that looks delicious.	jesus christ don't they newlinechar  newlinechar that's maple walnut cream cheese its stacked with, too newlinechar  newlinechar lord i am drooling like a faucet just thinking about it newlinechar  newlinechar ahem. yes. thank you. carry on.
You're referring to district 12, not 13	Im sorry. Your right. 
Not upvoting means you're fucking annoying for saying 'le me' and 'le gay buddies'.	But he posted a picture of homosexuals? I'm sorry that's an upvote.
Oh... I guess that's different. It's still rude, but I sort of misinterpreted. \*blush*	hahaha it's okay. I just sorta dashed this off without choosing my words super carefully, so it's understandable XD
Does it not need some sort of cat killing mechanism inside the fort might go of randomly at any given time for it to be a Schrdinger's cat pillow fort?	Yes.
Just commenting so I can find this link later.	Just YouTube llamas with hats?
The funniest ever bit I heard on Radio was when Davey Mac put tobasco sauce on his armpits and did nothing but scream in pain for 2 -3 minutes. I had to pull my car over I couldn't breathe from laughing. 	I absolutely remember crying tears of laughter when I heard that one a couple years back.
I swear the camaraman is a little sexist. If I were driving it, I'd of stopped for anything on the tracks if I could. It's just doing the right thing. Nothing about being a woman.	I'm sure I will be downvoted to shit but I would run the guy over. 
IF ANYONE DIES WITH A CLEAN SWORD I'LL RAPE THEIR FUCKING CORPSE. newlinechar  newlinechar And if they get pregnant, I'm not prescribing them anything based on my religious convictions.	&gt; And if they get pregnant, I'm not prescribing them anything based on my religious convictions. newlinechar  newlinechar Looks like Season 3 is going to be going in a different direction... 
Correct on both counts. newlinechar  newlinechar Yea, I've been meaning to get down to the Brothers K. 	Do it, you won't regret it. I think it was Vonnegut who said the book contained every aspect of human life. He wasn't kidding.
For a minute I though she sat next to him, so on a half full bus that's fair enough. But then I read it correctly and I can only imagine things actually went like [this](http://imgur.com/rkxsu).	It looks like she is sitting on a laptop. Good work though.
When I was in school most teachers gave 1-2 points for getting the date or your name correct.	One of my elementary teachers gave 2 marks for getting your name correct. Once, one student scored a mark of 1 on an assignment.
There is a meetup being arranged [here](http://redditgifts.com/meetups/colognebonn/) . 	Thank you :)
why can't I use my Uzi? Seems awfully old fashioned to use gardening tools.	Since when has a torch been an gardening tool? :o newlinechar  newlinechar I thought they were only used when burning down patches of forrest, but that's not much like gardening to me..
The picture of the Vietnamese soldier executing the guy is the most powerful photo ever taken.	also one of the most controversial ones because without a context it seems to show utter brutality against civilians
this was the genius part: the guy put her headphones into the mic jack! she had no idea so couldn't figure out how to quickly shut it up.	That's evil.
I'm downvoting because 'Jesuseslefthand' is being an asshole.	I upvoted because I realized what his right hand was doing.
&gt;**ex** mother in law newlinechar  newlinechar As in...nobody has found her body still?  Because if I ever found out a family member did that they'd be under the fucking porch.  &gt;:( newlinechar  newlinechar You're a good person for taking the next batch from her.	Irrational Human:   newlinechar Kills one thing in anger over the death of another.
Us 'colored' people change colors all the time brah	are you trying to turn this into some racist my good man, because i was only wondering why the sir in the comic went from gray to black as night.
After the 6th one I just assumed Cain has spent the last decade starting a fashion line of purses called 'Cains Lost Sachel'- Cause those things are more plentiful than knockoff coach purses on campus.	I like your train of thought.
Yeah, it sucks when a good writer turns out to be a shitty person. I mean, look at Frank Miller. 	And then he turned into a shitty person who was also a shitty writer.
Thats already going to be nerfed before the pvp patch newlinechar 	They already cut it literally in half, if they nerf it again I'm gonna......I'm......well I'll be annoyed!
I want him to get a bunch of his followers to join him on a server and take over a town. Set patrols, ration food.. 	This would be the sickest shit ever, ROOTown? 
She kinda can ride it. But she falls  a couple times.  Video on her website.	Ariel Rebel, for people who don't know.
This might win the award for the most OCD post in the android subreddit for the day.  In any case, as long as you are rooted, [Clocksync](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ru.org.amip.ClockSync&amp;feature=nav_result#?t=W251bGwsMSwyLDNd) will make you quite happy.	I was shocked when I found out that my clock was off by a whole 4 seconds.
Also French is full of totally fucking bananas shit like the fact that 'masculinit' is itself a _feminine_ noun. WTF France.	Polish has it similar, but it rather comes from the fact that all adjective-derived nouns are either feminine or neutral. 
Who's on first?	Because.
I can't tell if your trolling or just a retard	Look at my flair. I am retarted.
The supporters never wanted to lose King Kenny or Rafa.	Hence why they want them back....
There was an interesting piece at Genderratic indicating exactly the opposite: some Redstockings, who formulated a lot of core feminist ideology, actually considered male homosexuality to be the alternate misogyny.	That is also true, Fundamentalist Feminists hate homosexuals males and transsexuals. newlinechar 
http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/mt4f7/i_am_a_man_who_who_had_a_sexual_relationship_with/	[Spanking the Monkey](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0111252/plotsummary) in reverse!
Sure thing, when can you trade?	I am unable to trade for another 48 hours or so, can you hold them if anyone else does not want one please
That's actually pretty deep.	Incredibly profound. That's actually an insight into the problem the current generation is inheriting from their parents.
As a kid I thought Bill Cosby was just an occasionally recurring character on the Simpsons.	That one with the pokeman, the pokeman. With the Poky, and the mon, and the thing with the aaah aaah aahh ahhh. (I can't write Cosby's ramblings well)
What does 'piercing beams' do?	It's cosmetical
Medal of Honor recipients are saluted by the President, also.	Technically the president is an outranking serviceman.
This, dude sucks.	Sucks, this dude.
It's kind of an addictive medium, the feel of it is really engaging.  Wait until you check out the tutorials on youtube.... polymer clay is quite a rabbit hole.   newlinechar  newlinechar Again, great work!	Yeah, I used to play around with blu-tac a lot and make random things, so I think it's really catching my need to fiddle with things hehe. Thank you very much!
[Quick, watch this.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqV3clvlC4Q)	This commercial is legendary. Thanks, man! 
Pretty sure like 70% of the ones I've seen so far were on /Imgoingtohellforthis within the last few days. Oh well.	And before it was on r/Imgoingtohellforthis, I saw a lot of them on r/4chan, and that's all shamelessly taken from 4chan itself.  The re-post cycle does not stop from getting longer.
Siege-gang would be pretty sweet, but I would point out that he's not actually a lord, he just shits goblins.  Goblin Chieftain would make a bit more sense in that regard.	I want to see a 4 mana 3/2 that gives all other goblins +2/+1 and gives all goblins Mogg Fanatic's ability.  newlinechar 
not entirely. animals are capable of doing extremely fucked up shit to each other with no reprisals. rape, murder, infanticide, 'racism', torture, etc. obviously you can't put an animal on trial, but animals are far from innocent creatures.	Children can do horrible things and we still regard them as innocent and don't hold them to account. Animals in a human world are like children, they don't understand much that happens around them, they can't communicate and are easy for humans to exploit.
WHAT?	He said they've already got one!
Thank you.	I started imagining you seeing an orange envelope and thinking 'Yay a response' then 90% of the time it's *that* and I felt a pinch of empathy. I'm still not polite enough to just not say anything though... it just wouldn't be right.
Black people?	[That's Racist...](http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m0qoox2Ref1qm37qco1_250.gif)
Is the crew given props behind the scenes? To see it on TV all you guys get is a quick mention in the post race interview.	The pit crews are taken very good care of. They get access to all the cool shit first (goodies from sponsors, new apparel, etc.).
Great job! But let us not make a goof and a spoof out of the poor dangutang.	http://imgur.com/z2KfL
I know the dude's real name. newlinechar  newlinechar He's my old drummer.	So.... what was his name ?
I believe from comments on groklaw oracle specifically requested a jury trial	Reading the ratio of a case if it was written by the jury would be horrific.
&gt;Of course I would not stake my life. Why would I do that? newlinechar  newlinechar Oh wow, that really made me laugh hard.	He's not staking his life on the bet that people will go to mars before the moon.  newlinechar  newlinechar A few countries are already planning to go to the moon, why would he bet his life that they can get people to mars first?
Oh man, now I feel stupid. Thanks :) newlinechar It's good to know it's a multi-year deal.	&gt; Oh man, now I feel ~~stupid~~ more informed then before. newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY newlinechar  newlinechar 
Most of my friends don't shut up about that show. It just butchers everything about nerd culture. And fuck laugh tracks. 	It's filmed with a live audience.
You were born in the future?	I'm mildly interested in this. newlinechar  newlinechar How did you come back to our time, Downhildude?
Ok, thanks. How to spot the bi's?	Why would it matter if they're bi?
I find putting my finger up to my nose (like a mustache) and applying a bit of pressure will actully cease the sneeze. You must catch it in it's early stages though.	How about something simpler. Apply pressure the roof of your mouth with your tongue. Works for some reason.
Snow is the strangest song, it doesn't sound that hard but to be able to play that riff at full speed for 5 minutes while singing back up vocals does my brain in.	It's not that hard if you were playing it at a bar or something, but when john plays it live, it sounds like the damn album. I'm sure Josh could get through it live, but it's not going to sound like the guy who wrote it.
Moral. But others don't share the same moral viewpoint, especially cats.	Your cats lack of morality sickens me. 
[*Oh yes*.](http://i.imgur.com/YXRV8.gif)	he's like all 'I am evil! Look at me!'. newlinechar  newlinechar *So* hot.
HEY THAT'S MY M- well, yeah I guess you're right.	This being the internet and all, you mind if I ask about your dad?
Can a brother get an AMA? 	I've been thinking about that...
h gud ja. Har letat och letat efter stllen som sljer dem stockvis men utan lycka. Ngra tips?	Om du r stockholmare kan du ju kolla med Daglivs p fridhemsplan.
How short? newlinechar  newlinechar OMGWTFOTL, Crimsoness, and Juniper's Knot are all good ways to kill 20 minutes or so.	Something like 5 or so hours short
It's only a memory model. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm personally not a fan of the 'happens before' thing.  Makes things more complicated then they need to be as far as I am concerned.  I use a different approach when working on that sort of stuff.	Care to elaborate (briefly) which different approach? newlinechar 
**NOPE.**	There should definitely be a button for this. 
/r/MinecraftCirclejerk would be the place for this.	&gt;UpJeb newlinechar  newlinechar lol
Tally-ho, buddies!	.. We meet again. 
Well I'm sure Josh could play topless considering he is still very young.	Just put him in a sock and send him my way.
BECAUSE OF THE RECENT UPDATE I AM NOW INCRESING MY PRICE TO 2 KEYS. NO NEGOTIATION newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: [wat.](http://www.tf2outpost.com/trade/1920632)	price is FIRM!
I like your username.	Some serious meta-convo going on! Is the Auteur complimenting himself on his own name?
all i know is he got a big aluminum stick up his arse	It is not, look again
Little kids don't know any better?	*sigh*        newlinechar Sadly.
lol, could tell you where baked as fuck. Great videos man. There are a few things that i didnt know existed, will definatley be checking them out. Good work bro.	yeah especially in part 2 :D newlinechar  newlinechar ah well, sticking to the theme of my channel. It's a tough job but someone's got to do it newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 
dunno about the US, but over in france they have '[heavy legs](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heavy_legs)'.	That's interesting. I've heard there are more cases of Restless Leg Syndrome in Quebec compared to other parts of Canada. I wonder if they're related (even though RLS is a real disorder). 
I actually got a Half Life 2 / Bioshock nostalgia wave watching this.	It's the same art man as HL2 i believe
Red, White and Blue..... newlinechar  newlinechar Red, White and Blue.......Everywhere ?	It's actually not that bad. Some of the knuckle-draggers have put up union flags all over the town for Saturday. But it's not actually that bad. 
Someone did one a year ago! newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/hfiu8/i_was_on_pimp_my_ride_ama/	What?! Awesome. Thanks for the link! newlinechar EDIT: That's also one of the best AMA's I've ever read. Again, thanks. Dawg.
[source](http://www.pewglobal.org/2012/05/29/chapter-4-views-of-eu-countries-and-leaders/) newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: I'm mildly surprised by the generally low regard with which Germany holds the UK...*sniff*	C'mon it's only 5% less than vice versa. Also we like ourselves less than the French like us. Aaaand you are still on the second place after the Czech Rep. newlinechar 
For clarity: The image is not not not NSFW.	ignore ALL the nots.
GC are sell swords. All they care about is their pay. Everyone can offer gold, only the targs can bring the company home. None of them lived through the rebellion, they will simply follow the king that takes them home no matter their bloodline. 	No.  newlinechar THe Golden Company haven't broken a contract in a hundred years. This is mention very often by G.R.R.M for a reason.  newlinechar They refused Viserys because they were under contract, yet for Aegon they just skip their old contract?
Yeah, but IMO pinkie seems to execute the expression better than AJ	[](/twisquint)
SNKE99 looks like a great reference.	It looks great with a good quality deployment clasp.
Nej jag frstr inte, kan du skriva en omfattande frklaring? :)	Sperma. newlinechar 
i like your accent	I'll blame being not native english... and baked  .. ;p
Sorry for bad quality newlinechar 	I'm upvoting you for managing to take a photo in this day and age, that out of focus.
Undercook, overcook.	You make an appointment with a dentist and don't show up? Jail.  newlinechar  newlinechar We have the best patients in the worldbecause of jail. 
Die in a fire	accually is faget
What the fuck is circlejerk doing here	Circlejerk surrounds us  penetrates us; it binds reddit together.
Why are you always such a huge jerkface detailorient????	why can weee be friend whay cn't weeeee be friend??
Damn I thought it was original :/ Always one step behind reddit ha	Bad Luck Cake day.
[The second definition](http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/gem).	Pretty sure he knows that, he just thinks it sounds stupid.
Correct, Tom and the other guy sold MySpace to Fox for about 500 million or so.  Fox sold MySpace in 2011 for like 38 million.	talk about getting out right on time :D
so youre saying you taste more with smell than with.. taste..?	Does food all taste less tasty when your nose is clogged up? Yes. You can still taste it, but not quite at the same power. If you lost taste, you could still 'taste' with smell, see?
I want to say they had the worst injury record in the league last year, even worse than us. Who'd have thought possible?	[Spurs, Arsenal and United finish bottom of the table in terms of 'days lost to injury'. Guess which club finish top?](http://blogs.independent.co.uk/2012/05/29/manchester-city-top-the-injury-league-with-manchester-united-bottom/)
Wait, when was this?	Redditors can send me money, I'd be ok with that.
But it *is*  a single player game. It's just *also* a multiplayer game. I don't think you can discount an entire portion of the game just because another portion exists.	It's blind fanboyism, they substitute reality for their own.
Unless it's specifically meant to be a secret, then I'd use the name.	But unless it absolutely needs to be a secret, you should introduce them as soon as possible. Clarity is key. If your reader is confused about characters changing names, that just gives them one more reason to throw out the script and move onto the next one. 
His what?	His baked.
I will keep that in mind for when I get into edh.	I especially like to return it as a 13/13 Mimoplasm that swings for 26 trample and just keeps growing. 
1. Beyonce  Crazy In Love. They make these lists just to fuck with me, right?	Scrolled right to number 1 : 'fuck this list' newlinechar  newlinechar Saw the streets at nr 12 'yay' newlinechar  newlinechar Saw it was 'dry your eyes' and not 'blinded by the lights' ... newlinechar  newlinechar Utter shite , this list is
Hey, I can burn incense without looking like a New Age wacko or being in a religion. It smells nice :3	&gt;I can burn incense without looking like a New Age wacko newlinechar  newlinechar Just keep tellin' yourself that. 
Best show right after Game of Thrones. Although why is a season like a month and a half then it's gone for a year? Unfortunate.	I liked how when Spartacus ended its season, Game of Thrones began the new season. That was genius planning. newlinechar  newlinechar From next week on the waiting begins again. Where do I get my epic series fix now? :(
Seems either Lampard or Ramires will lose out.	Or have Mikel, Lampard and Ramires rotating.
I has a sad. I'm 27 and my mom is 65. 	22 here with a 58 Mum and 68 Dad... :(
genuis.	Spells genius wrong. newlinechar  newlinechar Upvote for effort.
Chase it with American History X.	Then Reservoir Dogs. 
What if she sees it ? O.o	Let's hope she doesn't lmao!!
I think it cheapens the word 'irony' when we use it to mean 'something of extremely mild interest that you wouldn't necessarily expect to happen, but very well could and not really cause much of a stir.'	It would be even more 'irony' if it was an iron pic-
Also, the lift won't move when the weight is exceeded. In my dorm we have very small lifts with 450kg max so about 6 average sized people can ride it at the same time.	6... 'average sized'  newlinechar  newlinechar *cries in corner, eating another cheeseburger*
Did you just actually give decent advice to someone? Are you sick?	I think he was just taking pity. Even WAP is still human. Probably. 
[Mod download link.](http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/1252066-125-3d-items-v12-forge/) newlinechar  newlinechar It really does look much nicer than a static always-facing-your-direction sprite.	I love it when OP delivers.
Ferligatr so looks like he's sneaking up on typloshion	Kecleon is just going to watch it all happen, with one of his wandering eyes.
upset?	A helicoper with room for a minifigure to pilot, four 'launchable' wing missiles, a motorcycle, Magneto, Wolverine(w/ claws) and Deadpool(w/ two swords and a gun) all for $19.99.  newlinechar  newlinechar I don't see how th OP could get upset and a deal like this!
I believe she had the killing blow on the Tickler at the Crossroads Inn.	Best scene ever.
People are acting like venture capitalists are making money off a risk-free, high reward scenario. VCs take on significant risk when investing into an unproven corporation, like Facebook a few years ago.	yeah but we only hear about the success stories, so people tend to focus on that. They do forget that for every major success a VC might have had 10 failed investments.
Mailman is the dad.	THEN WHO WAS PHONE
[](/rcelestiamad)it was your punishment	*Sigh* newlinechar  newlinechar Well at least this is better than being sent to the moon...  newlinechar  newlinechar Wait a sec, what's that [*noise!?*](http://gifsoup.com/webroot/animatedgifs6/2431844_o.gif)
is this the game? http://giantsparrow.com/games/swan/ newlinechar  newlinechar or perhaps this one? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQIE1-jieI4&amp;feature=player_embedded#!	The Unfinished Swan! Aha! Thankyou! Legend!  newlinechar  newlinechar Looks even better than I remembered it 
Oh, I have a Mac, I know *how* it's done, I just don't understand *why*.	Gaming.
error, error, your idiocy does not compute.	His account was started today and he's already at -72. Don't waste your time. 
Or the Railway Rifle - great for limb damage.	Apply directly to the forehead.
[Whoosh?](http://i.imgur.com/LGEdx.gif)	It's ok. He didn't miss much. AIDS jokes aren't that funny.
The prologue or the actual first chapter? Because the prologue seems like a bit of a pointless part to end on.	Prologue. It's not pointless, it'll be a hell of a cliffhanger.
I don't like it either. The look of it doesn't seem that great and the orange portal is closed so it wouldn't even work. 	Same. Something just feels off.
And just in time for Election season.	Hey I'm definitely thankful I get more info for deciding/swaying others.
And my ASK!	And you have my bow
go on...	They sucked his dick.
Wait so the mods allow this? SEXISM!	There is a difference between 'good looking kid' and 'I'm so upset that she is 15 because I want to tear that ass apart bro'. 
It's not funny anymore.	yeah it never was i did it cause i wanted to see if it would make my number go up
Playing with my son.	You're an awesome parent.
This was a total coincidence lol. I just realized this right now. I don't see a pun for OP's though. newlinechar  newlinechar  	Wow, quite the coincidence.  I had to look 'Zekrom' up to see if it was a real pokemon.  I'm not too good with them past the first 150, although I did know Togepi.
Let's give him a round of appaws. 	booooooo
The original version (Are there any French readers out here ?) newlinechar  newlinechar http://classiques.uqac.ca/classiques/De_tocqueville_alexis/democratie_1/democratie_t1_1.pdf	trs bien :)
yessir	more like raped.
I vote Thriller for the theme of the flash mob.	Not all flash mobs have to be dance-based, I suggest everyone just freezing and staying perfectly still for a couple minutes. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: [Video to show the awkward-ness that ensues.](http://youtu.be/8GfrfDmXDb0)
Good god, man, why would you share that? Now I'm afraid to sleep.	here, let me hum you a lullaby.
I frequently have this problem with tater tots too. I make some for the family; whole bag is too much, half bag too little, 3/4 of the bag leaves basically nothing for later.	That's how they getcha.
Now I have something to try.	I'd start with Morgan Freeman's Through the Wormhole.  newlinechar History Channel's The Universe is pretty cool like this too, especially the stuff about anything that will fuck you up.
NoFap is a cult. Stay away (trust me, I know. I did 99 days without fapping and then realised that everything they say there is utter bullshit. It's just a bunch of virgins who think not fapping gives you superpowers)	HAD YOU ONLY STAYED ABSTINENT FOR 1 MORE DAY YOU WOULD HAVE BEEN A GOD! WHY DID YOU STOP OMG!?
Nope titanium is a fairly weak metal. Use steel.	Either way, you would have a huge problem going trough security at airports. newlinechar 'oh..i have bones of steel' newlinechar 
What a terrible decision. 	If it really is that terrible, why don't you just go and create a bullshit account to Facebook?
Cool. Now if I could read the script..	The parts cutoff are just him using grep/sed/tr/cut to get the contents of the tweet. newlinechar Here's an example of the JSON query he was using: [http://search.twitter.com/search.json?q=military&amp;rpp=1](http://search.twitter.com/search.json?q=military&amp;rpp=1)   newlinechar   In the example, you're looking for the text between **,'text':** and **','to_user'**    
There is only one way to find out...	FIGHT!
what is love? baby dont hurt me, dont hurt me no more	[ah huh ha huh ha ahahaa](http://i.imgur.com/wFOJ6.gif)
/r/tall is a cool place. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, the slightly more SFW version of this is: 'Do you play minigolf?'	'Weather's very fresh, you should come up here once in a while' newlinechar  newlinechar I'm 6'. Too short for /r/tall too tall for r/normal.
Have you ever even read a book?	The only books they've probably read are their bibble and the Twilight Series. The latter they actually read from cover to cover. 
Hilarious. Whoever was mentioning the wrong movies was great.	these guys make just phenomenal league videos. can't believe they're not well known yet
Probably along the lines of 100$, we can negotiate more if you PM me. :)	Have some compassion, the man doesn't have *shoes* for Christ's sake.
Why did you choose that as your name? newlinechar 	A coming from theoqtmeal.com
I do believe [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vHT86U5rLY) is what you're looking for.	Yes it is! Thank you very much!
Its called a Northern Inuit as stated by salreuh in the above post. Its a cross between a Malamute, Alsatian,Husky and some other uncertain rescue breeds. They are a relatively new breed of dog.	Must be expensive
This plan isn't intriguing, it's ridiculously outlandish.	He truly lost me when he said 'Mars is more cool'. It sounds so juvenile, and his business model is to make a soap opera of these people giving up their lives. It's positively macabre.
'It's a shame this post has so few up votes, while meaningless bullshit gets up voted into hundreds/thousands.' newlinechar  newlinechar No kidding, I'm really starting to hate 90% of Reddit because of that crap.	Unsubscribe from those 90% and subscribe to smaller subreddits!
But did he do it twice? The joke pretty much hinges on that.	well it was anal...
...I think he means reference pictures of your ponies :I newlinechar  newlinechar [](/lunateehee 'Kind of hard to draw them otherwise, no?')	Well, I did send him more details, but if I could draw my friends, I would have done so already.
I would recommend Oz, but I don't think it's on HBOgo, don't know why it's missing.	All six seasons of Oz is totally on it, but I think the original poster has already seen it. If not, you're right. It's fantastic. Beecher is one of my all time favorite characters.
I love the phrase 'kinkier than thou.' :D	Me too....must steal.
It's cosmetical	ok... What does it look like?
SubredditDrama is probably a better place for shit about moderation, SRS is more about the user-generated content.	SRS is more about a shrill orgy of pure evil from what I can tell
I'm an actual software engineer and I'm still never sure if I actually deserve the title 'engineer'. 	As an engineer of undetermined specialism: if you are willing to do that programming crap for more than an hour at a time you deserve the title. You can have a hat too if you like, just do your job so I don't have it.  newlinechar  newlinechar 
keep reading...	lol from here on its just child rape jokes, enjoy
same concept as with ricers- more stickers, more horsepower	Yeah it's a bit like sticking go faster stripes on your car :)
Because anyone could have done it but he made it seem official and serious? 	Fair enough.
You have a choice of 60 degrees or 0.  Take your pick.	If '0' means not playing the game, then that's the obvious choice.
Salsa cookies... what did you expect?	Well frankly, I expected more salsa and less gonorrhea. What should I have expected?
If he's shallow, they should be perfect together as getting HP tattoos for your first ink is about as shallow as it gets.	Yeah, expressing love for literature to which one clearly feels a strong connection is *way* more shallow than a tribal tramp stamp.  The least she could do is class it up with a 'YOLO' tat, amirite?
I was thinking the same thing, I really think it really reflects on the character's personality	He's all wacky and don't give a shit
[I believe this is what you are requesting](http://www.fetchingplatypus.com/magic2010.htm). newlinechar  newlinechar [Edited list to be correct.]	Why would anyone care what cards from m10 are rotating? What sets are rotating out of what format with m13? I am really confused. 
...Star Fox and Metroid...thats just stupid. 	Metroid and anything is stupid
Mars is much more similar to the Earth. It's about the same size, might have useable water. It would take an unfeasable amount of work to terraform it (now), but a Moon colony would be much more depended on supplies from Earth, and regular rocket trips are expensive.	Mars isn't about the same size as Earth, it's closer in size than the moon is but [it's still a lot smaller](http://urbantitan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/Earth-Moon-Mars-Scale.jpg)
Yes, drugging a 13 year old and fucking her in the ass as she says no is pretty much the definition of rape.	I wasn't aware he drugged her. I thought they were in a relationship. Jerry Lee Lewis did the same and nobody sued him.
Depends on which country you're in and if you are north or south of the equator.	90% of the World population lives in the Northern hemisphere, so I figured I could skirt that caveat.
I could just be a noob, but what is a nerd black-face?	Do you know what blackface is?
You obviously didn't read the comments in the pictures. He's taking the piss out of someone whom already spelled it that way.	Hahaha, hmm. I didn't notice that...
[Front](http://imgur.com/JkpyD) and [Rear](http://imgur.com/mq6YG). Do you think it would be worth it to upgrade to 203mm rotors? I'm not sure I want to spend the money. Thanks for the help.	How big are you and what kind of riding are you doing.  203 is usually overkill unless your doing serious downhill.  or really big person.  
He said they've already got one!	Are you sure hes got one?!
[Layers](http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3pjbvo)	*clap clap clap*
&gt;lost could the newlinechar  newlinechar I'm assuming 'lost count of the'? Given your apparent lack of attention to detail, that may not mean much.	I blame android and the stupid auto correct. And yes, i'm at my cellphone, and no, I give much more attention to shrines in inferno because now i'm only on grind mode, and i'm always looking for the mf and gf type ones. 
Hey I'm definitely thankful I get more info for deciding/swaying others.	You say that as if any candidate wont continue the program. Bush started it, Obama continues it. I can't see future presidents dropping it when their entire national security team is telling them how great it is.
Silly question: Why do you have a camera next to your username?	He took a picture, read the second to bottom bullet point on the sidebar.
I'll blame being not native english... and baked  .. ;p	i said i LIKED it, nothing to blame :p
NINA~ I feel so creepy but i've watched all her videos. SOOOO kawaiiii. 	I'm the same i've seen them all and i keep thinking 'is this weird' but the dad is cool and nina is really cute - and you get to see some cool places in Japan and learn a little Japanese.
All Dogs and Cats should turn around three times before sitting down	Mine doesn't... ANOMALY! ANOMALY!
But you'll need some fuel.. so it's not unlimited xp.. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar But still fuel is easy to get.. :/	cobblestone generator + tree farm
more than enough is not a paradox.	You can never have too much C4!
yeah...i would never let *that* happen	http://i.imgur.com/O5W5v.gif
That may be true, I don't know. What I do know is that Germany does not have a reputation for pushing the German language. newlinechar  newlinechar Aynway, you don't happen to know a place where I can get French TV with French subtitles, do you?	Afaik, TV5 shows french movies, often with subtitles. See if they have livestream. Just a thought
Now suck his dick	I've never seen a post have more upvotes than 6 of its nested parent comments. newlinechar  newlinechar Jesus that is an outrageously specific threshold for me to be excited over, yet here we are.
at the risk of sounding like a moron here, what's funny about that?	C U N T. Though to be honest that hardly answers your question.
The dole for some people is around 70, so for 20 extra a month, this isn't really worth it!	Exactly. You're going to spend a hell of a lot more than 20 on transport unless you live within walking distance anyway.
And so it was done that the great beefcake was reborn in the fires of the magical space vagina. /narrator	Read this in Morgan Freeman's voice.
I used to watch this video years ago, I am jealous of his voice.	At some point, I was used to get up for school with his songs that were often being broadcasted on Russian musical channel. I think it was the very song OP linked to.
we've only done the survival island one, that was very fun. your nomad idea sounds cool, i may have to chat with our server to give it a go. (not the getting thrown out bit maybe you just get thrown back to your home)	Well the reason we do no respawning is since you're constantly moving away from your spawn, trying to get people who spawn back without teleporting is a bit of a pain, and honestly ruins the threatening vibe of the game.
This is the scariest part of almost every apocalypse senario. The last time I checked around 10% of Americans are on antidepressants or antipsychotics. What happens when the meds stop being made, or they're to expensive to buy? 	Then it will become clear that 90% of them took those meds without the real need for it. The last 10% will be fucked though.
Private. =(	Any mirrors? :/
Your rollout only needs to be as fast as your medic, which isn't very hard on most maps. The pocket doesn't do jumps on rollout, he nukes himself in spawn then runs to mid with his equalizer.	Both soldiers should be proficient at rolling out because you might have to roll out to catch up with your team after the initial mid fight
Haha I just love his voice, and it would creep my friends out to no end xD	Just wait to play it until they're trapped in the car with you. No escape.
Just goes to show that you can't please everyone. You don't think Halo is changing that much and begging for CoD features. A bunch of other people are crying about the 'CoDification' of Halo and that it's too different. newlinechar  newlinechar Good job everyone.	and meanwhile everyone moans about CoD putting the same thing out every year, but then flips their shit when Blops 2 starts changing things. I dont understand why people insist something is going to be shit before they've even played it.
And you have my bow	You have my car keys and I need them back.
Asked for opinion, downvoted when given.	It happens.
On top of that, releasing for the Wii-U and PS3 but not 360 would make no sense	In fairness I'm pretty sure Versus was supposed to be a PS3 exclusive to begin with. newlinechar  newlinechar Then again, so was XIII!
Wasn't Aang afraid of fire at one point?	I wouldn't say afraid of fire, more afraid that he would hurt someone else like he did katara newlinechar 
I will admit that I often times subsist off of this. Add cheese and ramen and that's pretty much my diet. newlinechar Edit: Also, hamburger, sometimes chicken, and lunch meat.	But there is no meat in that diet. 
I am unable to trade for another 48 hours or so, can you hold them if anyone else does not want one please	No problem, I'll save you one
Two's compliment has the nasty side effect of halving the largest representable positive signed integer. With balanced ternary you'd no longer have to worry about 'signed' and 'unsigned'. You'd just have integers.	That's not fair, balanced ternary has a smaller largest number than non-balanced ternary also.
Gold:Oceania newlinechar  newlinechar Silver:Eurasia newlinechar  newlinechar Bronze:Eastasia	The way it's always been.
Yes, will be giving them out shortly.  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Check your inbox.	I'd really like an account too if you have one left.
So subtle. I love it.	Nice try, Barry.
Stranger incoming. (hope ur still there!) 	Not sure if you are here, but middle table, inside left.
red orchestra projectiles are pretty speedy arent they?	Red Orchestra's engagement distances are a lot less than 1km too.
I'm glad Hawkeye finally has his own stand-alone movie now.	He has already had a few; Dahmer, Neo Ned, and The Hurt Locker.
Indeed. It belongs in /r/awesome . I assume /r/awesome is a real place, and I'm mostly typing this reply because it feels like the quick way to get myself a link to go there. 	There is, and the top submission is the Queen firing an SA80. A very appropriate top post! newlinechar  newlinechar This one'll fit right in there!
I think this is very subject dependent.	Motherfuckin' Journal of Biomechanics. That thing is the bane of my existence, my school doesn't pay for access and only once have I found a free pdf of any article I need from it, and it was from '94.
As a Subreddit Dramanaut, there is always drama. Always. But the Laurelai stuff is drama of the year, perhaps all time, without a doubt. It was VERY ridiculous.	Internet anonymity makes it easy to yell at someone through your keyboard. Which is essentially what drama is. newlinechar  newlinechar YOU FUCKING WHOREMONGER. 
I was just trying to find that. I think he may have been on the effects team, though.	http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/f2i7t/ive_written_for_tv_shows_like_csi_and_numbers/
&gt;rotten cheese wheels newlinechar  newlinechar you sure are a charmer newlinechar 	I want to see you guys have kids. A boy who looks like Michael Cera and Ryan Gosling.
Alas, no valedictorian here. My school's colors are blue and white so the guys get a blue cap and gown and the girls get white. newlinechar  newlinechar Congratulations, by the way :D	Oh I see, congratulations to you too. My school gave white to the valedictorians, while the rest wore blue. Feels weird being in that limbo stage between High school and College. 
Frankly I'm surprised you managed to stop watching it long enough to type this.	My roommates and some friends discovered breaking bad and ended up spending a week with only 3 hours of sleep each night because we couldn't stop watching. The ending to the last season is hands down the best television I've ever seen.
Oh wow, I didn't know that, im gonna have to look up his story. agreed though about the rebounding. However, Byron had 17/10 in that game. coincidence? probably.	Maybe you should go to every Bobcats game next season!
This is what all Americans sound like to those of us from Europe. The^more^you^know	Really? 
That does *not* mean it's okay to call people a slut because of the way they like to have sex or to say that a certain sexual activity is something 'sluts like.'	I agree. However, I didn't take that to be OP's meaning, especially with the quotation marks. To me, it sounds like he's gotten this request before in those specific words.
[What a sad movie...](http://images5.fanpop.com/image/photos/29600000/Pikachu-Crying-pokemon-29690435-333-331.jpg)	Could you PLEASE upload pictures to imgur if the original host is that slow? Maybe it's my Internet that is simply not good enought, but imgur loads.
Capatown should move his comment into that subreddit	If only that were possible... newlinechar 
I've already read True Remembrance, will check out the other two. Saya no Uta looks like something I'd really enjoy. 	Saya no Uta really is Lovecraftian horror at its finest, and it certainly fits your target length; you can easily finish it in a single afternoon.  Content warning: highly graphic, definitely not recommended for the faint of heart.
We shouldn't work on the premise that zombies would work like they do in the movies.	I completely agree, these aren't the undead from the movies we're dealing with, this is something different than the typical zombie, if it's anything at all.
I don't understand your comment, can you explain it? I do watch every Q&amp;A but I don't remember 'sibboleth girl'.	Just a question I (and others apparently) found particularly excruciating in the way it was asked, select ['Australia fair? 24:18'](http://www.abc.net.au/tv/qanda/txt/s3497231.htm).  
'For last 12 years Clements was a generation ahead of everyone. Personally I think Clements is now 2 generations ahead.' newlinechar  newlinechar Randall Pleasants, OH YOU!	The Kool-aid helps wash out the taste of sweaty man-parts.
It's like these people all raised demon  kids they hated - according to them, their children never slept, raised hell, didn't eat, always cried. newlinechar  newlinechar No one ever goes, 'Ohhh you're in for such a lovely time, children are amazing' it's all horror stories and evil kids.	My usual response is a comment about how they're obviously bad parents if they hate their kids so much. That usually stuffs a cork in it for a while.
'Abrechnung' also has connotations of revenge, or at least a sense of negativity, while 'reckoning' isn't necessarily used that way.  I know it's a correct literal translation, but I've never seen 'abrechnen' in this context used in anything but a negative, payback sense.	Right, the metaphorical 'abrechnen' is negative, I thought the metaphorical 'reckoning' in english was too. Maybe 'settling of scores' is better?
apathapessimy?	Or seasonal decisional disorder?
Havent really pinned down time yet. I might be watching Evil dead movies with a friend of mine this saturday. Not sure if she's keen of hanging out with strangers from the internet though. Might have to check with her first.	Even money says someone rocks up in a horsehead...
But written format doesn't give you youtube views (and therefore $).	Adds on blogs gives you money. Just saying. 
Attempted vehicular homicide.	Oh, thank god it wasn't something serious like downloading a song or an 18 year old sleeping with his 16 year old girlfriend.
Dolls are a guaranteed freight in any story. Creepy lil bitch	I see where your train of thought is going. 
Well... Obviously. We have ZOMBIES in America. They climbin in your windows. They snatchin your people up. Tryna eat em so y'all need to. Hide your kids, hide your wife, and hide your husband cuz they're eating everybody out here!!! newlinechar 	Out of everything I've heard on the issues at hand, this makes the most sense.
There seems to be an alien parasite on your coconut.	Get ready for a xenomorph with coconut features.
[Shapelle Corby would like a word](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schapelle_Corby)	and a doobie; she hasn't had one in years
This is a goddamned joke.	Not at all, Stanley Kubrick is already on board. 
Do it, you won't regret it. I think it was Vonnegut who said the book contained every aspect of human life. He wasn't kidding.	No higher a recommendation. Many thanks. 
How about we educate people about the reasons, instead of resigning to that people are too stupid to know the truth of things?	I am all for that.  But I have yet to see a political ad that wasn't a blatant appeal to emotion from either side. newlinechar  newlinechar The only way to educate the populous is to provide that education; which I think is a Democratic platform?
##	So if you're on the PS3 you get it technically 3 weeks ahead of time?
Where did this originate? I'd like to know.	It's an upvote.
Did this asshole ever get caught? Please tell me he was caught.	This is why it should not be illegal to view these pictures. Increased chance of someone recognising the corpse, the facility, and knowing who was assigned that autopsy.
You're probably right, to me its always been easier to keep it up then let it go. 	So why bother creating the thread if you're not going to take any of the advice mentioned in it?
There is validity in the article though. Bottom line is much more important than the overall depth and zeal of a movie.	Except that plenty of movies are made with depth and zeal.  Sure, the majority of movies made are complete shit, but that's true of any medium at any time.  If you can put together a good, deep movie that isn't expensive, studios will absolutely love it.
live in the sticks, the polling clerks know who i, and everybody else within a 50 mile radius are. I've never shown id.	Same as that. 
F+ for effort.	F-fort
Wow, you're only a day away from a year!  Congratulations! newlinechar 	Thank you, it is really a fantastic thing to be free, congrats on starting the journey yourself!
Not just MACS.  If i play a video on my PC and close it the sound continues for a few minutes. But then again it all has to do with your settings. 	Don't worry bro, macs are PCs.
We don't just let anyone in our secret nerd club. What are your nerd qualifications?	Well.. She's a girl..
The best thing is my first thought was Lauren. So not one, but TWO awesome heavier girls in Glee!	I love that Puck was totally into Lauren. Even though he's like 35 years old.
'Mine Oxygen on Mars'. How could that be done? I did a quick google, seems very theoretical right now...	Probably because it's never been attempted before. 
[](/b14 'Hahahaha-')  newlinechar  newlinechar [](/sp) newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  [](/b04 'Oh, that's actually terrible.') newlinechar  newlinechar 	[](/party 'I love planning weddings! And divorces! Let me get my Polonium!')
We hate Rick Santorum.	Because it gives us upvotes (to the left). 
Not sure why you're getting downvoted for this, it's true. newlinechar  newlinechar Although I'm pleased at the (relative) lack of 'Oh, America is so horrible, napalming that girl like that.' comments. So far.	He's probably getting downvoted for using all caps.
The multiplayer maps for Halo PC were so great.  That one forest one and the big bridge in the canyon with cliffs on the side and banshees.  	forest? are you talking about beaver/battle creek? newlinechar 
It's always 6 month left. 	Cold fusion is only 20 years away. 
ALL YOU HAD TO DO WAS FOLLOW THE DAMN SUBJECT, OP!	ALL YOU HAD TO DO WAS FOLLOW THE DAMN TRAIN, CJ!
I've done the exact same thing with other games. Didn't realize my mistake until I saw green fire. 	You weren't watching the Battle of Blackwater on Game of Thrones were you? newlinechar  newlinechar *Edit:  In order satisfy random cunt on the internet.*
They sucked his dick.	that comment was like when a comedian incorporates a previous joke into the one hes currently telling. i had just finished looking at the breadfriend link anove and then....this. newlinechar  newlinechar 10/10
Go ahead. Ruin the Cerberus Vanguard before I even get him. :(	Do like me, ignore biotic charge and focus on lashing and smashing. newlinechar Works perfectly for sitting at a medium distance and dealing with units like centurions and marauders. 
I want to kick that doctor in the nuts. Repeatedly. Until he can't breed anymore. Is this morally wrong? 	Well, at the very least it's not very practical, given that the doctor is a she.
If only fawkes had a pet centaur. Like, a little one. They are the super mutants guard dogs newlinechar 	A cute lovable one, like Moe in NV!
My point was kind of that you can't get away with anything. There's a huge variety of what you can get away with, but there still seem to be rules, even when you're making shit up.	Rules are existing, yes.  Still, understandability existed even when tense and ordering of sentence confused are being.
Yes I'm coming there for the higher taxes and generally extremely high cost of living. Was planning on moving tomorrow.	Higher taxes compared to?
Oh, she's awesome! Thank you :D	You are very welcome lovely!
Will dogs be allowed on board?	What about monkeys?
Dude... Y.. You poor soul :O please for the love of god play it somehow!	Doesn't my computer have to be 'good'?
I'm close to 100% positive that anything uploaded to imgur has its EXIF data purged, but don't quote me on that.	That's [correct.](http://www.dudelol.com/fyi-imgur-strips-exif-data-minus-does-not/)
if it makes you feel better... newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/XlWpT.gif	I feel slightly more validated; thank you.
I'm going to go ahead and say it. I don't like Liam Neeson, he is tons of shitty movies about 75%+ of the time and I never was really impressed by any of his performances.	Shh he'll hear you
Sorry to be *that* guy, but you are allergic to a protein in cat dander, not the fur.  	Well it's cats and dogs that I'm allergic to, so is it dog dander too?
Static analysis is a thing, you know :)	The code is available using 3rd party software. I got the code from 1.6 I think it is.. not looked at modding for a long time.
It's all part of my evil plan to slightly irritate all of reddit. Mwah ha ha. 	I admit I don't really get it. I only came here to throw some history trivia around because I initially thought you were disturbed by the fact that they look like [Iron Cross](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iron_Cross)es. Now I see that I was entirely off the mark. So as you were; carry on. 
We need a Russian 'fix it with duct tape' guy, an American super patriot, a Taiwanese to make all the parts and a Muslim to stir it up. newlinechar  newlinechar A+++++++ would watch.	And a Polish guy who would steal all the spare parts.
Mostly coming from Surrey. newlinechar  newlinechar Not to hate on Surrey or anything, it is my hometown.	Surrey in Canada must be different to Surrey in England. 
Have you read anything by Moore after Watchmen? His writing is of a constant and reliable quality. His ABC work is astounding. Lost Girls, the most recent of his work I've read (2006 I think), was great. newlinechar  newlinechar Frank Miller made All-Star Batman in 2005.	Don't misunderstand, I love work done by both writers mentioned, I just think it unnecessary to put them up too highly. newlinechar  newlinechar On Lost Girls, it didn't do much for me. I found it well-written, but let's face it, it was high profile slash-fic.
May Graph: http://imgur.com/9AycU newlinechar  newlinechar woops! Got 2nd in a live HR for 17k tho so not all bad.	Impressive drop at the 5.5kish hand mark.  Wow.
Our American colony? Whatever happened to them?	They got all fat.
Admittedly im stoned, and have only complete part of an engineering and science degree, but i call bullshit.	This is indeed, a steaming pile of bullshit.
Good luck not having nightmares involving shaved, pimple-covered orangutans wiggling their asses at you.	You should say that to me every night from now on.
There is a difference between 'good looking kid' and 'I'm so upset that she is 15 because I want to tear that ass apart bro'. 	Well to be fair, every time someone calls the young girls in the cast beautiful or any synonym of this word, everyone flips the fuck out.
I'm with you. Jo is the hottest girl in supernatural I can think of offhand. :)	Tessa, though Jo is hot.
I was joking. I knew it was being prepared for a crop. Yes, sunrise!	I noticed that.
Didn't the mongols pillage, rape and conquer their way accross eastern europe and westernish asia in the 13th century?	Well, the mongols are the exception.
The dying man told him not to call.	What's the law regarding suicide attempts (genuinely curious, not an attempt at sarcasm)? Most people would call for help if they saw someone slicing their wrists or planning to jump off a bridge, what makes this suicide any less deserving of psychiatric intervention?
I want a permanent broomstick :\	YES As do I, would go great with my [Wizard](http://us.battle.net/wow/en/character/stormreaver/cubberz/simple) transmog.
Awww hamburgers!!	I love South Park references and not only because they are the rare references I get on reddit.
How many children did you have to sacrifice to it?	Well duh, look at his username newlinechar  newlinechar It was obviously 718 babies.
All the interesting names get buried *shrugs*	I know that feel
And he will never feel safe again.	He will never buy a bonsai tree again.
I'm not sure her brother would like that. 	10/10, would troll again.
It was 1950. I am amazed at the condition of this bill after 62 years.	Actually, there are bills with in god we trust [dating back to the Civil War](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In_God_we_trust).
Things sure did escalate fast.	we haven't even sodomized the body yet, you called that way to early
http://i.imgur.com/1EwGK.gif	I love that one.
When's the eating contest?	 newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/iSGkc.gif
HOLY SHIT. This cop is HALRIOUS	genius, the cop realised that time was most important to this guy. and then fucking wasted as much of it as he could
You're my hero for the day.  I can go to bed with a little bit of faith in humanity restored.	I lost mine when i saw it in the trash.
Well. West Texas.	shhh we don't talk about west Texas, we only talk about Austin,tx. Where dreams are born, Obama gets full support, Ron Paul runs wild, and Darwin is on the University of Texas seal...Bush was never from Texas...Bush was never from Texas...Bush was never from Texas...oh god why ;___;
Hmm I wonder why :S newlinechar Althought out of the three I would have preferred either Hedlund or Hammer :)	It's possible the report that he was in consideration is wrong.  There's also the possibility that after the year he's had, signing onto yet another tentpole he might not be ready to do it again.
Ain't no party like a homeless party cause after a homeless party nobody has to drive.	I kinda wanna go to a homeless party now. newlinechar  newlinechar Plus you can wear your shittiest, most comfortable clothes and not only do people not give a fuck, you'll get complimented on how comfortable and warm your clothes look.
haha bullshit, there is no evidence of a belly button piercing in the original photo. And for some reason there is extra shadowing on her right shoulder. AND the 'x-ray' has managed to see straight through her metal necklace! newlinechar  newlinechar [Original for comparison](http://dk3rv6hblwrlz.cloudfront.net/wp-content/images/alison_brie_mens_health2.jpg)	Also, nipples can be seen in original, are in totally the wrong place in 'x-ray'. Bad shoop is bad. 
Oh lord, it's so gorgeous. The sprawling countryside is definitely one of the things I'm looking forward to most. Thank you for the tip! newlinechar  newlinechar Where would you recommend for wilderness areas? Somewhere accessible by public transport, preferably. 	You will need Midge spray... Not midget... Midge they are wee tiny bastards that attempt to eat you alive. Annoying as fuck.and if your going to the country a good pair of sturdy walking boots
No football team. Volleyball and basketball only, I think. At least, that was the case when I went to school there.	Yeah, same here.. I think they started Soccer in the last while.. not sure tho
Aw, thats a sweet pickupline. [This is how I would react](http://i.imgur.com/pZPEo.gif)	i never knew you could use that gif in a relevant situation newlinechar  newlinechar well done sir, well done
Look at the rubber bases of both shoes. Left is before, right is after.	Sorry bout that :D newlinechar 
On the mountainside above, there are silver deposits. newlinechar Raw silver ore was hauled down into the mill using a tramline, refined to silver ore concentrate in the mill and finally loaded onto boats on the lake. newlinechar  newlinechar This explains both the location and the curious shape.	that makes a lot of sense. sounds like a pretty effective solution
Pretty sure I was sick this week because I worked 60 hours last week. So no problem. 	Keep fighting the good fight. We all appreciate it!
No, that's a pointlessly circuitous way to get to the Wall. He could just take a ship to White Harbour and walk; it's not like Castle Black is heavily guarded.	white harbor is quite a abit away from the wall, you might be thinking of Eastwatch by the Sea
Nope. Just a big toilet.	This comment is so much better with the previous comment being deleted.
They should give her a third mantra, even if it's added at a later level.	you can effectively get a third matra by using one before the fight starts so the cooldown on the third starts but you still have 2 to use.
Dot Com, this need you have to be the smartest guy in the room is... off-putting.	&gt;Dot Com newlinechar  newlinechar ?
Thank you. Lack of money =/= lack of economy. In fact, as Murra argued, attempts of various groups to link the various production zones of the Andes is perhaps the driving force of precolombian Incan history. goods + trade = commerce.	&gt; Lack of money =/= lack of economy. newlinechar  newlinechar That sounds like a profound statement that I'm just too dense to get. Would you elaborate a bit?
are you saying tragic about the rape or tragic about the dead cat? im not sure which is worse, both brought me to tears. newlinechar 	GAAAAAAAAAY!!
What about monkeys?	Why does it always have to be about the monkeys with you??
I was actually blown away by that story. And he even tortured kittens before all this. Honestly, sort of hope he's killed while being apprehended. 	Death would be too kind
Fe	Pb
they waited until people had bought the legendary skin before nerfing him	Yeah I think you're 100% right on that.
Bad luck kitty: Owner owns a computer; Reddit hasn't been made yet. 	I'm sure he could post ASCII art of it to a BBS.
If '0' means not playing the game, then that's the obvious choice.	That was the intended implication and it's not in respect to the 'just don't buy it then' argument.
A cute lovable one, like Moe in NV!	They could make good pets. Whats the lore behind them though? Can they actually speak?
I get the feeling Trapped_In_Reddit is multiple people, and not evil. Could be wrong though, 'Karmanaut' and 'Trapped in Reddit' certainly share a theme of exploring the reddit-verse	That idea of multiple people was always thrown around about Karmanaut a few years back, too.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-mhCueiz0U	[Tough luck!](http://i.imgur.com/k7Rgx.gif)
This was exactly my reaction. I need some mouthwash.	To remove the taste of oyster?
Ah, the 'shaggy' qualifier for the unicorns makes that assumption make more sense. 	Also, the idea that a unicorn is a horned horse is relatively new. The unicorns of greek myth were one-horned goats.
That's why chewing gum is against health codes. 	Also, wounds need to be covered by more than a band-aid, preferably latex-free gloves. This should never have happened.
Simply *defining* people as evil does not actually *make* them evil by any reasonable or independent standard.	But if they are actually evil then it would be right (morally and epistemically) to define them as such.
I don't get it.	[This gif is for other occasions but it should explain the joke](http://i.imgur.com/AfJRS.gif) newlinechar 
What happens if you use it unruned? 	Twilight Sparkle of horse.
They also exist in coop where there are no followers, seen one yesterday in A2.	Yet in co op, people can leave and you can get your follower back. 
&gt;realism newlinechar  newlinechar You do know that moss and vines aren't the same thing, right?	You know that in real life, you can't carry thousands of blocks of gold, right? newlinechar  newlinechar It's just more fitting with the theme and other crafting recipes.
You need to check the voucher centers of each of your EVE accounts. It's not showing up in email inboxes. newlinechar 	Thanks a lot! It seems I have one as well. I can't wait to get home from work now to give it a try.
I feel sorry for people that stay in Islam and think that it is moral for Allah to torture people just for having the wrong beliefs. newlinechar  newlinechar That speaks a lot about your character to want to worship a being that tortures people just for that.	What I'm saying is that humans should not punish other humans based on their religious choices in life, besides the only one who has the right to punish if He wanted to is Allah, the one and only. 
Oh my god...Link is the master potter of hyrule! That's why no one gets angry when he walked into their house and smashes all te pots! 	It is all so clear now. Does this also mean that he is a grass making deity or is he just the master gardener of the kingdom?
Did a clown blow on her face?	Nah, The bloke just had loads of skittles
No no, 4chan is the anus. Reddit is the sewage treatment plant where the parts that can be used again are taken and 9gag is the night janitor who sits in his darkened maintenance closet eating the worst bits.	And every so often the Anus decides to take a steaming pile of shit on society's nice fresh lawn (Oprah, Rick Ashley etc..).
If only that were possible... newlinechar 	/r/ideasfortheadmins maybe?
We're only discussing Rampart here. Thank you for your understanding.	At least Rampart actually happened.
According to the UESP [article](http://www.uesp.net/wiki/Lore:Mephala) on Mephala, she is enemies with Molag Bal and Peyrite, and allied with Malacath. Also s/he and Boethia organized the clan system of the Chimer. 	you might be looking for deeper info and you probably already know this, but if you visit the uesp article for each individual prince it will tell you that prince's enemies and allies. it's pretty much the direct answer to your original question without going into depth.
Was it getting down-voted?	If you have RES you can see the up/down counts. ZOIDO is at 15 up / 12 down for a total of 3 atm.
I've never seen a post have more upvotes than 6 of its nested parent comments. newlinechar  newlinechar Jesus that is an outrageously specific threshold for me to be excited over, yet here we are.	That was wonderfully arbitrary
Please can have one. This will tip the scales into learning german and not dutch.	Thanks for the PM. Consider it sent!
sounds like a plan to me!	[So it shall be](http://i.imgur.com/Fcurt.png)
Came here just to say that and require information about where to purchase such awesomeness. Non popping bubbles would make my life complete!	Make sure you use them outside if you get them, they leave a sticky mess on stuff otherwise
Yeah I bet Zuko's mom will show up. She'll probably be the one to come up with the idea of merging the fire colonies to form Republic City, where benders from all over the world are allowed.	Zuko and Aang are founders of RP, Ursa is not mentioned.
ok... What does it look like?	Doesn't seem like the effect is in the game yet.
Yeah I would.	
My 300 whp/ 350 lb/ft turbo Dodge Shadow could break traction at 65 mph, so I should hope that Supra does...	Sounds like a tire problem more than power. Maybe a bark of the tires w/ a quick up shift, but 300whp shouldn't slide the rear end at 65mph. 
Awwwww, I see it! That's adorable.	mutha fuckin dippin dots
One hour AMA is reminding me painfully of that movie... what was it called? Rampart???	It smacks of that. But at least there was a thread on the frontpage yesterday that spurned this guy to do an IAMA.
Protip: It's rude to do this to people	And not like 'oh snap' rude, it's dehumanizing and a technique sometimes used by torturers when trying to get victims to crack. And by villains in horror films. newlinechar  newlinechar 'It puts the lotion on its skin, or it gets the hose again.'
Well, the mongols are the exception.	Thank you, I needed a funny reference after reading through this.
Thanks for helping, those ign giveaways were harsh and felt like they were snapped up by scripting :( newlinechar  newlinechar I'll see if I can grab a key somewhere today sith this method.	You can actually figure out how to properly script it?
&gt;no other country I've been to lives up to my expectations for queuing. newlinechar  newlinechar Have you been to Texas?	I have not. I have been to the United States (8 of them) and experienced a good queueing etiquette, I would be surprised if it's ingrained to the same extent anywhere but blighty though. newlinechar  newlinechar edit: Not sure why someone downvoted you there. Seems quite rude. [reddiquette](http://www.reddit.com/help/reddiquette) 
Well.. She's a girl..	She has boobs. She's in!!
So. It has come to this.	Come to what?
On that note, do you have to tell them about your degree? I mean, are you physically required?	No, but then you have to explain the four year gap on your CV.
excuse my ignorance, but what movies are these and where should I start?	* [A Fistful of Dollars,](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0058461/) newlinechar * [For a Few Dollars More,](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0059578/) newlinechar * [The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0060196/)
hahaha I read it in his voice and everything.	I read it in Cleveland's voice.
I work in Dresden-Neustadt. There is indeed lots of drinking in the evening. The city provides an amazing overnight street cleaning service. :D	Holy shit! Never thought i would gonna see something from Dresden in Reddit, especially that.  I didnt even expect Dresden to have redditors... newlinechar 
He's referencing the movie 'Airplane!'. 	Exactly. What am I going to do, start arguing with an atheist on an /r/atheism post? I'd be negating my own point if I did that. The joke had to be made, and it coincidentally mirrored my own sentiments
[Didn't I just see you 23 hours ago?](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/udcnh/reddit_my_cousins_1_year_old_baby_is_being_taken/c4uh9lj)	Indeed you did.
Why would anyone care what cards from m10 are rotating? What sets are rotating out of what format with m13? I am really confused. 	I don't know why he would want it, but that's what it seems as though that is what he asked.
Or how you know you were sitting in a corner the entire time.. ?	seems more likely given the evidence
Art often has meaning..._	 you missed what I meant since the tv tattoo days every tattoo has to be some super serious bullshit, there is no need for that fun tattoos are the best kind and I feel bad for people who don't get that. 
They also use [these](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mobile_Launcher_Platform) which is what the redditor above you was talking about to move from the [Vehicle Assembly Building](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vehicle_Assembly_Building) to the launch pad. newlinechar  newlinechar The crawlers move at 2 mph unloaded, but when the shuttle is loaded onto it, only moves at 1 mph.	Didn't Mike Rowe get to drive one of those once?
Pai si nu e contra-intuitiv sa te intinzi la vorba cu ei in loc sa pleci mai grabnic de pe teritoriul lor ?	E la fel cum te cauta politia vamala cand treci *pe ascuns*. Vor sa vada daca ai adus sau ai plecat cu ciolanu'
Probably, or they wouldn't have picked it up for another season.	i for one am really happy about this by the way
&gt; or even a bit of a mom  newlinechar  newlinechar Well, Travis does make Peter's appointment for the 'hair salon'. I completely lost my shit when that came out.	im sure he even gets food for him, cleaning his appartment and so on :d
Chris Paul is pretty. I guess we established that here in /r/nba.	He's quite the handsome little fella.
He might get a faceful of alien hate-smooches assuming that is a thing in pre-scratch Alternia, and she gets flattered by the attention. newlinechar  newlinechar Jake will end up hitting on all the broads in some fashion. He is just that rugged.	It'll actually be interesting to see if the kismesis type mentality is present in pre-scratch trolls. 
yeah. i bet the maps end up epically long as well, we have a private 6 man server so we have to keep trimming the superfluous off the map. newlinechar *edited for spelling, i think my brain has melted today....	We stopped maps all together, just because we kept running off the edge of it and making more was becoming a hassle. 
Or disappear completely like Lukaku	Lukaku's 19. He has been working on upping his technical abilities, because at Anderlecht he was used as a battering ram. Plus, he was behind Drogba and Torres. I don't know what 19 year old thinks he would play a massive part for a team such as Chelsea,
If it's season-long it could work. For example, John Lithgow's guest visit in season 4 of Dexter, the man nailed his role but he left at the right time (his character was seriously creepy.) 	Dude's ace in that role. I find it odd that he's also ace at narrating Dr Seuss audio books, however.
What if you're working in base 3?	2 + 2 = 10...in base 4
Tim Curry narrated the audiobooks? I think I've found my new favorite thing.	Not all of them though. The author narrated books 3-5. But Curry does a much better job!
The 'I can tell by the pixels' is actually proof I was bullshitting. :P	:P :P :P :P :P
22 here with a 58 Mum and 68 Dad... :(	*hug*
BECAUSE, they evolved into dogs. Duh. 	Early in his life Rock went through a transformation, this transformation was swift and painful. Rock is now Dog. 
-Nobody in the entire world.	I got myself one of those $1.75 chinese cables, it works like a charm.
you did tell them about the money you earned right? If you did, it's probably just a review interview.	*facepalm* that would have been a prudent thing to add. I didn't, because the online system wouldn't let me (and now it's telling me that I'm unable to use the service) and I couldn't get to a centre in opening hours. :( 
Why is that?  It's the opposite in a lot of other countries.	It's because of tribalism. In Kenya each tribe is a little bit suspicious of each other. Plus it does not help that one tribe tends to hold most of the power in politics and business even though Kenya has 42 tribes. 
Can a man alone in the woods still circlejerk?	Only of he uses the universe to do so
Thoughts? Horseshit. newlinechar 	surely you mean camelshit.
thank you ... for doing your *own* research **&amp;** sharing it.   newlinechar    newlinechar ently thing to do, good onya!	Much love (:
i never knew you could use that gif in a relevant situation newlinechar  newlinechar well done sir, well done	I'm unfortunately not a sir, but thank you.
Why would you use Thuderbolt on Jolteon?	because it's the second pokemon on your team for the double battle. It wouldn't be necessary, but your hp is dangling on a thread after that stone edge. Keep battling
Is that what /r9k/ on 4chan is? I never knew what it stood for. newlinechar  newlinechar It would be interesting to apply to a default for a day just to see the effect, not sure about smaller subs. 	'Is that what /r9k/ on 4chan is?' - yes
it's seven pm here. it's five am back home.	East coast then. 
The next question will be this one rephrased a bit differently. I guarantee it. 	Perhaps with a long story and then a marginally relevant question attached to it? 
That - is - it! I have had it with these MOTHER FUCKIN BEADS, in my MOTHER FUCKIN ASS	It's actually 'ENOUGH IS ENOUGH'.
Your green clubcard points will be printed on your receipt. 	I work in a Tesco. These quotes are ingrained on my soul now. newlinechar  newlinechar Please scan your clubcard newlinechar Notes are dispensed below the scanner
Under an 88-caviler I go, BUT BUT BUT BUT NOTHING BUT THE REAR BUMPERS BLOWN newlinechar (I know every song by heart, listened to this album at least 300 times and it has baggage from an ex of mine.) newlinechar  newlinechar Thank you r/trees, I love you guys	I's born for this flight.
You're a goddamn communist is where.	Its funny because my friend does both and he had a red helmet
&gt;'It is a small apartment, but there's a lot of cupboard space.' newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;'It is a small apartment, but there's a lot of cupboard space.' newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;'It is a small apartment, but there's a lot of storage space.'	actually basically
He's not staking his life on the bet that people will go to mars before the moon.  newlinechar  newlinechar A few countries are already planning to go to the moon, why would he bet his life that they can get people to mars first?	I should've been clearer, I'm not laughing at the fact that he wouldn't stake his life, just at the way he phrased his response to the question.
Using veg as a filler like this had me losing 1 - 1-1/2 pounds a day for nearly 8 weeks. I don't think I would have lost nearly as much weight eating pure carnivore + dairy...	I got lazy this week and didn't feel like cooking veggies, I've really only been eating meat with what little sauteed onions, mushrooms, or peppers I added. Poor choice. I'm going back to adding a side of something non protein when I cook for next week. newlinechar  newlinechar 
You couldn't help but read a picture of Cleveland with a quote from Cleveland in Cleveland's voice? No fucking way.	Actually I read it in the voice of That's so Raven
I wouldn't call it a misspelling so much as a changing in spelling.	I'm a descriptivist. This means that I can spell however the fuck I please as long as I can convince enough people to go along with it.
assuming you mean taskbar you are SO RIGHT.	You are right: the italian equivalent to 'taskbar' is 'barra dei programmi' (programs bar) so i managed to express my idea with 'start bar'... epic fail! newlinechar Thanks.
No karma or voting system changes everything. 100% unfiltered.	Fuckin hilarious too.
...aaaaaaand I just read the OP's post. I'm lame.	There, there.
Yea pretty sure I'm from Oregon and want a bigger city. What are your complaints?	I came from SoCal.  Paradise quite literally.  Beautiful weather 10 months out of the year.  Amazing beaches.  And LA was only an hour away.  Not sure why i left now lol.  Something about starting my future...
Red Orchestra's engagement distances are a lot less than 1km too.	werent the larger tank battles around that size. also DH had even larger maps if I'm not mistaken
LSD has been fear-mongered since the 60's, these people just want to keep that sensationalism alive.  	If they had used it at least one, they would know that LSD is just a mind-expanding drug.
That's just not true. I mean, it may be true that nothing happened to those people, but there's certainly law enforcement in Indonesia.   newlinechar    newlinechar Maybe there's no law against animal cruelty.	If there's no law against it, why did the police take Pony away? That's theft.
I was born in 93 and I remember... Titanic, power rangers, furby, Jurassic park, the death of Diana, and some other stuff that I can't remember right now.	'Hello, welcome to Good Burger, home of the Good Burger; may I take your order?'
You should find a copy and make it a RT Sidequest  event!	Obviously RT should make a few DVD copies and make a scavenger hunt for RTX. newlinechar  newlinechar And then one person immediately torrents it for all to see.
It's not a professional document or paper, so Comic Sans is as appropriate as any other font.	Wisdom 
Probably in r/gore or r/spacedicks 	First time ever that I'm glad my iPad won't play flash!
I agree, I think more of it lies with the other players than anything else.	Came here to say this - I reckon the main issue lies with the players.
But, but, but.... Richard Osman!!	Well now... TIL that Richard Osman is creative director of Endemol UK!
You're a son of a bitch.	And you're his dad.
Dat thorzain =)	Squirtle and Keen, not a chance. Well, maybe a little, but not much.
Swear this was aready on here	U RMMBER WORNG
Oh man. We got like 3 hours in. 	Tonights party was schweet doh, sheesh too.
i can orgasm from having only my nipples played with...but it f-ing irritates me when that's the only way they get me to cum. i need to have more then just a touch on my nipples. i crave so much more.	Things like this bother me too, when one second I'll say, 'I like that,' and the next minute I have to be like, 'Okay, you can move on now.' There is a whole arsenal of things that make me squirm! Use them!
Don't forget about /r/wtfart	I read 'what the fart.' newlinechar  newlinechar 
That was both the best and worst thing I've heard all day. newlinechar 	I take you you haven't been over to the 'top my worst joke' thread. 
thanks for clarifying without revealing too much about the plot!	No problem.
That's one of viperz trolls from /r/beatingwomen.  Disregard.	So? I'm a mod there.
For best delivery newlinechar &gt;What's the difference between hookers and onions newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;I cry when I cut up onions	I first heard it as a mix between the two: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;What's the difference between a hooker and an onion?  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;I don't cry when I'm chopping up a hooker. 
You're right, the she/he is going to cheat on you comment is thrown around far too often, I'm afraid in this case it's likely to be true.	Flirting does not always = cheating.
not in the Arena beta, before it got pulled. newlinechar  newlinechar What sort of shape its in now is anyones guess.	By 'arena beta', you mean at a LAN event, right? 
I wasn't aware he drugged her. I thought they were in a relationship. Jerry Lee Lewis did the same and nobody sued him.	She was 'auditioning' and he pumped her full of ludes and alcohol.
[This](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_Hat_Society) is a pretty popular hat society.	[These guys](http://i.imgur.com/LlyM3.jpg) are pretty fond of hats too.
You shouldn't use URL shorteners here.	Fixed.
'Their books suck dick' is admittedly a better thesis than those of my last five college papers.	Now you know better.  #6 shall include the phrase 'xyz sucks dick' in the thesis statement, and you shall post it on reddit, and reap delicious karma.
Because idiots are human beings just like you and I; it's fucked up to say someone deserves to die for being misled or stupid or whatever.	The biggest tragedy is this guy was not able to get to a hospital inside the 6 to 48 hours it takes to kill a human. 
2086.	You think outside of the box... I like you
&gt; I am certain that Assange is a statist newlinechar  newlinechar Assange has mentioned before when talking about running for the Australian senate that he is libertarian leaning in his political views. He still might believe in a state but i don't think hes an out and out statist.	I'm going to bet that's just code for 'pro-pot'. newlinechar  newlinechar Remember, Bill Maher calls himself a libertarian. newlinechar  newlinechar If he actually has libertarian leanings then sure! All the better, but I don't like getting my hopes up.
I'd just laugh.	Oh no I would too... newlinechar  newlinechar and watch prices shoot up.
ALL of them.	All of the above
Araya!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Fuck it... newlinechar  newlinechar Steve Harris and Geezer playing in harmony!!
Anyone have any more pictures of here or know her name?	[No idea who she is.](http://imgur.com/a/NwPFy#0)
I an never just 'blast off' in my dreams :( I can only jump really high. I have to jump off a building in order to go any distance. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm a sad panda.	Imagine a jetpack being delivered by ACME.
lol community are nuts, I replied the same thing on another post and I gotten 20 downvoted. 	Sympathy upvote.... cause I know the feeling...
Nice. Following [this guy's](http://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/uds67/what_is_your_favorite_alternative_gameplay_style/c4ujiij) lead? I sure am. Got Jim Beam though, figure it's close enough to KONG. newlinechar  newlinechar (Can't help with the decrypting, sorry, the game was ready to go by the time I got home)	Yeah, KONG seems like a cheap whisky. Rockstar should sell some limited bottles of KONG...
I'm not quite sure. Probably something to do with the Emergency Service joke.	The complaints were all about people talking (singing) with their mouth full. It is terribly rude don't you know.
do you mean to say that that was actually someone laughing, and not someone making funny noises for a funny situation? O_O	That was me laughing. I have a bad chicken laugh, and it wasn't because of the renek thing. I was laughing at the mundo walking in to my Q and getting melted by that scrub cody newlinechar 
This just in, Germans don't know about the intricacies of British politics and answer such questionnaires based on a vague gut feeling. Actually, most of those answering do that, regardless of nationality.	Not just that, it's also how most people in the UK vote for these people in the first place!
Reddit will remain forever a marginal weblog as long as its members display the same intolerant narrow-mindedness as the people they so willingly demean and belittle.	Hey.. Wanna have thoughts and opinions of your own? Nope! Not today. Have a down vote 
Hey mars-one. Go fuck yourself.	haha, I like you..  newlinechar  newlinechar I don't know, may be the timing I guess. 
[It was incredibly easy to find the image.](https://www.google.com/images?hl=en&amp;q=batman cornholio&amp;gbv=2)	What is this wizardry called google? I've been just typing random addresses to the browser bar to find funny pictures.
Because Cherry and Strawberry flavored candies are already red. Same reason Raspberry flavoring is often 'Blue Raspberry', to help distinguish between the different flavors.	Watermelon Jolly Ranchers are Red. 
i absolutely agree, such a great book. may not be an AMA in the traditional sense... but it offers a rare look into Kiedis' life and the RHCP	One of the major points is that the man has *no* right to be alive, and it's a miracle that he is. That book was such an incredible read.
I'd be impressed by anyone who can shit 1000 lbs in the space of a few weeks, he's earned those millions.	Taco Bell, bitch. 
What's the law regarding suicide attempts (genuinely curious, not an attempt at sarcasm)? Most people would call for help if they saw someone slicing their wrists or planning to jump off a bridge, what makes this suicide any less deserving of psychiatric intervention?	Suicide implies intent, he didn't intend to die, he intended to test himself. newlinechar  newlinechar Exactly the same as if David Blaine or Criss Angel told people not to help while attempting something ridiculous.
wut? I level W second because of the debuff on attack speed in lane trades and the tiny bit of damage it does... this bad?	It's not bad, you just need to pay attention to how you weave it into your damage combo, when it's worth using it and if it'll really help you vs them (eg: Urgot, Corki, Sivir to an extent)
That's normal, it's where the lines for the drogue chutes go (the attachment point is at the top, the chutes are stored in the spaces near the bottom). You can see how it works here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zq7LgVX-Jdk#t=47s	I've always wondered what that curved inset was. Thanks for the explanation. Now it makes sense.
It's better you transfer the money to my account and let me do it for you	Who do you think you are? Some kind of Nigerian prince?
It was actually a Moon Landing joke, but thanks for the first-hand input :D newlinechar  newlinechar (I don't believe anything that has happened on the show Survivor since season one)	Haha. That went totally over my head. Carry on, sir
At least there's an achievement for it.	He somehow gets pushed off when im NOT on him. I just here him squeal then die.
I like to blame this problem on the lack of any gps to guide me.	Buy one.  If you accidentally get 'lost' on your commute home you can then start paying attention to your GPS until you accidentally get 'lost' again.
Were you in underpants too?	I would hope not...
F-fort	F Troop.
SO CYNICAL [yes]	What's worse is that level 2 is GCSE level, who is working 12 months at below minimum wage to not even get an A-level at aged 19-24? 
Yeah, ketchup. AKA tomato sauce. 	Wait, you call ketchup tomato sauce? What do you put on spaghetti then?  
New swain buff strategy, nerf every other champion	swain has new awesome skin, with his current state no one will play him, since no one played him, no one buying new skins for swain, once he get fotm, with enough skins sale, nerf bat incoming
I feel as if EA are like metroids, they hook themselves on the success of a game franchise that gets published then slowly suck the life out of the company with their marketing and other stuff.	But the quality of Pandemic never dwindled. They just... dropped dead :'(
indeed, India was far more productive than the US which was basically mostly empty land dotted with disgruntled migrants.	But the potential was endless, and England knew this. It was the New World, which was a big fucking deal.
As cute as that is... unless that cat has no teeth, that must hurt. Either that or my cat just has ridiculously sharp teeth. 	No necessarily - cats know how to bite lightly. Have you never play-fought with a kitten? They take your fingers between their teeth but it doesn't hurt.
Well then an lgbt ivy reddit... Or lgbt college reddit... Or are there already ones for that?	Yale grad student!
Both of these work, but only in short bursts. 	I have two kids under three. Everything in my life happens in short bursts now. 
I'm Muslim and have been apologizing for 9/11 for quite some time. I felt really bad about repeating this, but this is the only offensive joke I know that isn't offensive to a specific group of people, and it actually shows how the victims have been exploited and used. 	If you didn't do it, don't apologize for it.
I disagree. So far, I think it's the best season of Mad Men yet. 	The last few episodes have been strong, but this season started slow IMO.
One does not simply send a halfling to destroy a ring.	Isn't that _pressiousss_.
Sigh, it's 1:38 here and I ought to be sleeping.  It's so hard to unwind.	It's 6:42 AM here... Stayed up allllllll night.
Okay, tell her I just want to fuck her.	You guys are creepy.
Let me have your babies.	Have 'em your way.
I wrote something stupid didn't I? I'll admit my stupidity if you explain what I've done. I honestly learned more about grammar and spelling on reddit then I ever did in school. Not from bad teachers, I was a lazy asshole. 	*whooooosh*
all y'all should join together and come down to a Top Gear episode taping sometimes....	I couldn't read this without thinking about [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DMuO-8S_0Wg).
Pique is refereed to as the Piquenbauer for a reason :)	Well it is certainly not for his defensive abilities. 
Yeah, I drove by them setting up today and it looked like it's basically tents raised around someones home. Not sure if you know, but do they not get enough people to have a different venue or is it held at the creator's house?	It isn't a house, it is a very small church. To the left, the photography studio next door used to be Ahavath Beth Israel's school location before we moved to Latah.
supports would be used more into solo lanes because they had good bases+good scaling on their abilities now they only have good bases. damage items are generally worthless on them and drove them into the only spot supports are viable in competitive play newlinechar  newlinechar bot lane	hasn't solo soraka/lulu been used a decent amount? newlinechar  newlinechar 
**FTFY** - DEMAND that No Corporation ~~with less then 51% US OWNERSHIP~~ be allowed to FUND US Elections!  	thank you.
Sometimes you also get elephants. Elephants like peanuts too.	&gt; Elephants like peanuts too. newlinechar  newlinechar But they need to be given a lot more of them to survive.
Aaaaaaand THAT, my friend, is the joke.	*Someone* didn't check what subreddit they were in today. 
First time I took my friends (non-Indian) to an Indian restaurant, they tried eating Naan with a knife and fork. It didn't go well. I am curious to know (in a restaurant where the use of hands is discouraged) how do people eat naan and other breads?	A lot of people tear bites of roti with hand, like bread, directly from the basket and use fork and knife on everything else.
ash being in a coma for the pokemon anime was a great read. 	yea but that was more about the analysis and symbolism than the twist. Actually this statement is generally true. If a theory contains enough deep analysis of themes and symbols it would be fine, but just writing it like a plot twist gets pretty old pretty fast...
Rex is just trying to get her signed as their starting RT.	I would be okay with this, it worked in High School. 
It doesn't matter really. newlinechar  newlinechar You generally don't want to waste fury on your E. 	I'm no renekton player, but maybe they made this to improve his late-game?
I kinda wanna go to a homeless party now. newlinechar  newlinechar Plus you can wear your shittiest, most comfortable clothes and not only do people not give a fuck, you'll get complimented on how comfortable and warm your clothes look.	I'd be up for a homeless party right about now. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, you'd either get complimented on how comfortable and warm your clothes looked, or you'd get robbed for them, I think it's about a 50/50 chance.
name of show? It sounds interesting c:	I think it was called The Truth About Shoplifting. It was on CNBC or MSNBC.
[Did you get one of these?](http://i.imgur.com/EZ1CA.jpg)	Nope :(
I got MSDNAA for being in CS classes. Free Win7.	Sick! We had that at my college as well. Too bad I never took advantage of it
No, now she is a slut and you don't want her anymore.	Sure he doesn't.
Haha yeah same. I always thought how I would fare in an apocalypse. I cant walk for 2 days after playing a game of basketball, how the hell am I supposed to run for my life daily?	Ha! Yeah man I need to hit the gym and do some cardio before this gets any closer to New York City!
[Edit: *downvotes?* **seriously!?**](//#magnets)	[](//#magnets)
I hope I never stop being shocked by the horrible things people do to each other. 	So innocent.
&gt;Antartica should be left untouched. It should never ever be a tourist destination. newlinechar  newlinechar Why?	Why not? I don't think the last unpolluted spot on earth should be disturbed. We already damage it enough as it is. Next thing you know, it ends up like the Everest, 3G and trash everywhere. 
96% sure it's trap/shotgun only.  newlinechar  newlinechar Chittenden County Fish &amp;amp; Game Club has a range. http://www.ccfgclub.org/  I'm a member but still haven't gone as I just shoot in my back yard.   newlinechar  newlinechar Reddit /guns meetup?	We did a guns/reddit meetup in Minneapolis that went well.  I would not mind meeting a few redditors as I am new to town.  I just like to plink with the 10/22 for the most part.
Some guys are supposedly making a mod where I am teleported into the game as a quest character. Exciting	What those modders really need to do then is to get you to do the voice work.  Then the Dragonborn travels around Skyrim getting into rap battles.  
It's funny, one of the only skill based weapons in the game is substantially less reliable than lock-on crap which exists as a crutch for people who don't want to waste time practising to get good.	I do believe lock-on weapons exist in the game because they exist in real-life, not to help noobs.
4chan is not beyond reddit.	It is if you're going the other way.
agreed. this picture was the one that did it for me, manly tears were shed	The brothers from North and South Korea for me.
Works for me	Damn, I read wrong, I read 'as administrator'. Sorry!
It sounds like a seatbelt commercial. You can't sell a car with the world 'wreck' in the tagline.	It's not a poster to sell the car. It's a general design for a contest.
[FALSE! He does a Falcon Paaaaaawnch in the TV series.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FFtw7qW7Vcw)	TIL: there is an f-zero anime..
Distinction without a difference there, in most cases. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: I mean in south east asia, where this story is from.	Not really since prostitution is legal in a lot of countries these days. 
No, it hasn't. newlinechar  newlinechar His name sounds very water tribe-ish indeed. And in the dreams/flashbacks we had a small glimps of Yakone's clothes. They looked very water tribe-ish. newlinechar  newlinechar edit: here an [imgur album](http://imgur.com/a/9dMwG) with some images I found on the internet.	Oh hey, didn't notice that before. That sure does look like a moon insignia.
He strapped a cat to the underside of the left wing and it took pictures with its helmet-cam triggered by shocks delivered thru a kitty-sized electrified vest.	Definitely the best way to take pictures from any moving vehicle. That's why I have two cats, stereoscopic pictures. 
This commercial is legendary. Thanks, man! 	Made me forget about the sex slave thing.
Suggest him a food item at Bar Gernika. I find the croquetas everybody knows, but navigating the rest of the menu can be difficult. 	Spicy (or not) lamb dip sandwich with croquettas on the side and a Priest's Collar drink. You will not regret it.
and a goddamn ridiculous amount of drugs	I got a contact high from reading the book.
Feminism isn't just a word. Its definition can be and in this case is defined by the actions of its adherents.	an imposed definition loses usefulness if the lay term means something very different. that's how language works.
I'm on the PS3. 	hit me up on psn: stratmanC if you need some jolly cooperation
I am not saying he is ACTUALLY divine. Sorry if that came across wrong. I am simply saying that all sects of Christianity agree that Jesus was either God in the flesh, or his actual divine son. If they believe those things then why even care about anyone else's words?	Take this little misunderstanding between two atheists and multiply it by a hundred million people across 500 years.
oh my god karen, you can't just go around asking people why they're white...	I'm sorry I called you a gap-toothed bitch. It's not your fault you're so gap-toothed.
Or they will buy items for gold, and resell them for real money. Double profit imo, they can sell either gold, or items, depending on the market.	The cost of gold on the RMAH will dictate the price of gear on the gold AH. They will both equalize almost immediately. I'd say within 48 hours of the RMAH's release.
I learned from old films and Commando comics. newlinechar  newlinechar DDDDRRRRRRRR! newlinechar  newlinechar ARRGGHH!	'Englander Pig dog!'
Yeah, I agree with you on the cuteness. Grabbing them by the cheeks is cute. Oh, I'm a guy..	Oh, wow, totally did not read the username. Derp :P
I don't want to kill your theory, but the girl in the trainstation is a program just like both her parents - I believe this is stated explicitly in the movie.	I'm pretty sure that she's a hybrid and one of her parents is a programmer the other one, dunno. newlinechar  newlinechar Hm, it seems you are right. But she's still an 'experiment'/showcase of love on machines.
http://www.staff.science.uu.nl/~hooft101/ the nobel prize winning physicist that they quote on their page actually endorses mars one on his own page... newlinechar but maybe he is being fooled just like reddit is...	Or paid.
Still, everyone builds Nautilus a pure tank, nerfing his base damage really hurts him overall significantly	The biggest problem with the Nautilus nerf is that he did negligable damage to champs to begin with.  This nerf does nothing but slow down an already slow and mana hungry jungler.
I live approximately 100 yards from where that photo was taken. Saw the jeep yesterday on my way to the hper, wish I would've taken a photo.	hper? Have I found a fellow UCA student?
Why is that an Ooops? 	Because I just cost my store $500 in profit. That's an oops.
Why all the negativity?	Haters gon' hate.
Why would he want my anus?	Obviously it's a fine-looking anus.
looks like coils for a motor newlinechar 	Yup. The coils for the motor that spins the disc are put right there on the circuit board.
Who do you think you are? Some kind of Nigerian prince?	Wrong, Nigerian psychic 
Yup. Thing is we're not all 2k elo sadly ;(.. Stuck in dem 1400 with randoms who 90% of the time are pure retard people who have 0 sense of logic and might aswell be ruinning in the middle of the highway, naked.	it doesn't get better newlinechar  newlinechar i float between 1800-1900s and i still have players that don't know how to build their champion.. newlinechar  newlinechar 
Prologue. It's not pointless, it'll be a hell of a cliffhanger.	Fucking HBO and their cliff hangers.
You have to play an extraordinary amount of hours a day to be a pro at this game, there is no other way.	There are pros who usually don't train more than 2 hours a day.  newlinechar  newlinechar It's not extraordinary at all, in fact. Optimizing your training helps a lot.
Nope :(	[](/fluttershh 'Oh... I was under the impression that everypony got one...')
While suppressed weapons don't sound exactly like they do on TV, Mythbusters tested the sounds various kinds of guns make. newlinechar  newlinechar The result they gave was Plausible, the sound of the gun was reduced by 35db.	[I'll just leave this here.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=haiqFcIXTqs) newlinechar  newlinechar Plus .22 is enough to deal with weakened bone and flesh. newlinechar  newlinechar Mythbusters really isn't a credible source for things like this...
Her parents, if she has any, hasn't appeared in the show yet. Coincidentally, neither has Fluttershy's and Rainbow Dash's parents. This makes some people think pegasi have some weird non-nuclear family makeup different from unicorns/earth ponies, but that's just fan conjecture.	It makes sense because the pegasi in the hearth's warming eve pageant were supposed to be spartan looking, and the Spartans trained all of the children together, separating them from their parents at a very young age  newlinechar 
How much DPS can you squeeze out of a catalyst? A couple hundred? Should take 800 DPS to stomp all over a completely untanked hulk, by my reckoning...	Uhm, Wasen't there a 700 DPS Fit somewhere?
In TF2, the [Sniper](http://wiki.teamfortress.com/wiki/Sniper) is Australian. The Sniper has a unique weapon called [Jarate](http://wiki.teamfortress.com/wiki/Jarate), which is basically piss in a jar. It's volatile stuff, which may explain why lava translates to it.	you're a top bloke and/or bird. &lt;3
He now has a delay on his stream, so when something like this happens again, he can just turn it off before someone sees it.	The stream will go on until the point where he turned it off.
I dont know why we Men do this, but rubbing your hand against something and smelling it is the shit!	I believe it to be a primordial hominid habit that could have protected us from eating something that just didn't smell right. [](/likeasir)
I couldn't read this without thinking about [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DMuO-8S_0Wg).	OMG&gt; Haven't seen that clip in a long time. XD Thanks for the laughs.
Hahahahaha	Yes. 
If you're very short you also get the comments for the herp derps who feel the need to exclaim out loud about your height as if you might somehow be unaware of it.	the best is the fact that they use the same jokes that children used when I was 8...so...20 years of the same short jokes
Granted, they have a redirection in place, but the website is just codEcademy, not codeAcademy. Sorry for the unnecessary nitpick.	I have never noticed that before. Poor branding on their part IMO.
You are less paranoid in low security space because you know everyone wants to kill you. In hisec, there are 20x the people, but you don't know who wants to kill you.	Basically the point where I realised I'd become a lowsec dweller was when I popped into highsec and started freaking out because I couldn't fit the full local member list onto my screen without a scroll bar.
ORLY? HOW COME NO ONE EVER SENDS ME THOSE?	BECAUSE YOU AND I ALREADY HAVE ENOUGH&gt; OP HAS NONE!
I used to hear War growing up all the time, never liked it.  Tried it again recently and just couldn't get into it.  	Guess you just don't like them then. War however is usually the record that gets people into U2. Gets overlooked quite a lot now due to it being pretty old but it has some killer songs on.
What are you talking about? newlinechar Mods all over this website have been *banning* racist stereotypes, all the while ignoring and participating in sexism. newlinechar 	Is that really true?  Because I still see a lot 'niggers gonna nig' BS all over the place.
TIL caskets are fucking expensive	Cremation.
Yep, but plenty of games allow you to use cover without 'press button to hide' mechanics. 	Exactly. You can't play through *Call of Duty* without using the cover in the environment to your advantage. There's just too many enemies to try and be a bullet sponge.  newlinechar  newlinechar 
A basenji	gesundheit
Sexual selection. It's the unfashionable other half of Darwin's theory. newlinechar  newlinechar It's also the better half, as regards humanity. We face a lot more (and more interesting) pressure from ourselves than from 'nature.'	Well sexual selection is extremely obvious in things like birds of paradise. Having enormous plumage confers no advantage on survival, but if mates select based on it then it'll become a dominant trait.
chances are they haven't introduced any 'unlock hunting' features yet because they're still testing and improving the actual game, not player retention infrastructure around it.	Valve/Cyborgmatt has annouced that there will be archievements and daily mission as well as unlockables coming when the game is released
[JangBi in the worst part of his slump](http://www.teamliquid.net/tlpd/details.php?section=korean&amp;type=players&amp;id=63&amp;part=games&amp;vs=all&amp;league=standard&amp;map=any&amp;from_year=2010&amp;from_month=8&amp;from_day=1&amp;to_year=2011&amp;to_month=5&amp;to_day=1&amp;action=Update) newlinechar  newlinechar [Jinro in Korea, past 13 months](http://www.teamliquid.net/tlpd/details.php?section=sc2-korean&amp;type=players&amp;id=1314&amp;part=games&amp;vs=all&amp;league=standard&amp;map=any&amp;from_year=2011&amp;from_month=5&amp;from_day=1&amp;to_year=2012&amp;to_month=5&amp;to_day=31&amp;action=Update) newlinechar  newlinechar There's hope.	Jangbi losing to flash, firebathero, hydra, mind etc etc. Jinro losing to voidray (???), IMHorror (??), RealMaker (????). Just saying. JangBi was playing against the very top while Jinro is losing to B-teamers.
Liquid nitrogen, eh? Good thing I just happen to have some of that sitting around for my next upgrade.	I don't have any of that, but I have some liquid hydrogen over here in th***BOOOM***
GREAT PRICE!! 	Sarcasm. Sarcasm all other this place.
Oh God, thanks. I thought I was alone in this. When I say this, people usually get angry at me.	Usually because there are landwhales who want to cosplay and this rule would seriously limit their options.
It's actually 'ENOUGH IS ENOUGH'.	Also, monkeyfighting snakes on this Monday to Friday plane.
Jesus Christ, the greatest grievance r/atheism has against religion is them prosletysing, yet believes it is legitimate to attempt to 'deconvert' people, as if their lack of belief has a higher authority. You are invoking the exact same argument as religious people, but in reverse. Nice work.	Yes, I like to debate and argue.  newlinechar  newlinechar So do you, but I admit it.
There is no lore as far as Lucas is concerned. The EU is not canon	What is the EU? Extended universe? 
Hold the phone...we have a mother-flippin SPACE PLANE?! How did i miss this?!	It's a satellite with the ability to re-enter the atmosphere.
Everyone gets upvotes except this guy. Fuck him. DOWNVOTES!	:(
agreed, wash it a bunch of times or tea soak it to fade it out	good call.  Im sure it will fade after rockin it at the beach a few times newlinechar 
One of the major points is that the man has *no* right to be alive, and it's a miracle that he is. That book was such an incredible read.	Frusciante also. It's incredible that they both survived all the shit they've been through.
*Lidstrom.  As a fellow Avs fan I agree with you, I also had a ton of respect for Yzerman, it takes alot to play for one team your whole career.  I miss Burnaby Joe	*Lidstrm
I guess he really wanted those hands... 	 Gimme a break.
Edgewood preserve, Suffolk county. Not sure if it's considered deer park or commack.	Thank you for being from Long Island (Suffolk county none the less) and NOT calling it 'Strong Island'
I upvoted you, but I also wanted to reply to make sure people understood the validity of this comment. [Here is a picture of a kitten so I can claim I added to the thread.](http://imgur.com/GW32w) 	Oh my, I upvoted you only to be a bit ashamed of it afterwards.
I'm saving this and reading it every time I worry that my own writing is shitty.	Really? I'm using it for inspiration to write fictional GOLD.
Better yet, maybe something will happen to prevent things like this in the future. That's what we really ought to be aiming for.	Best yet, two birds one stone.
am I the only one who just saw four penises?	Freud likes this.
Don't forget Shirley Phelps and the rest of her awesome team working hard to show people what christianity is really about.	'God Hates Fags' - those guys are hilarious, and really doing a fantastic job for Atheists everywhere. I love those crazy fuckers.
Jag inbillar mig att jag ska kunna rentvtta ordet om jag sprider kunskapen...	Du kan ju i alla fall frska :P
I think that the songwriting rivalry that John and Paul had going on is what made the Beatles be so ahead of their time. So I would not call those Beatles reunions. :(	I think Paul McCartney's solo career is pretty amazing too. Not as awesome as the Beatles of course but I dearly love 80% of his music. Maybe even 90%. John had some good solo songs too (Imagine is pretty awesome, the world is a better place to have it)
So, 93% of people *say* they oppose homphobia. There's a huge difference between ticking a box on a form and not actually being homophobic.	Or even, they would support one of their own players if he were to come out but if an opposition player were to come out he would be taunted on the field in the name of 'banter'. 
You never know. 	So... *dads'
Not really since prostitution is legal in a lot of countries these days. 	In Borneo?
Curious... newlinechar  newlinechar Ominous...	Glorious!
Don't read the comment actually, just go watch a video by Backroom Casting Couch newlinechar ;)	I suppose that is equally as effective...
I tasted the jungle: coffee fruit spice earth and wood, but it all came on at once and was kinda boring.	i had some varied flavors from yours obviously, and they were enjoyable ones... but as i said the lack of complexity is what i was unhappy with too. 
You recommend idolizing a person or organization? newlinechar  newlinechar As an Australian I think he's a top bloke and if he is in anyway libertarian leaning I will accept him. newlinechar  newlinechar 	&gt; *'You recommend idolizing a person or organization?'* newlinechar  newlinechar Fixed.  I missed a couple words, for some reason I've been a little dyslexic the past couple days. :P
make sense. Still wouldn't mind seeing Tenzin show some affection for his pops. I mean hell he may be her master but he is also her friend. I don't refer to my parents by their names in front of my friends. I dunno. its whatever.	Keep in mind that for ever-serious Tenzin, Sifu Aang who taught him airbending might be more important than Dad Aang who taught him penguin sledding.
I work in a Tesco. These quotes are ingrained on my soul now. newlinechar  newlinechar Please scan your clubcard newlinechar Notes are dispensed below the scanner	I'm such a good member of /r/firstworldanarchists I always tell the machine I've used 3 of my own bags... even if I didn't!  Shh.
I was giving the guy moral support for not realizing what the funny was. But thank you for reminding me only certain comments are allowed on Reddit.	So doth the hivemind decree
Niggers?	I hate them.
What's the difference?	It's smaller.
The boyfriend is you.	&gt;120 comment karma newlinechar  newlinechar Hm...
This is actually the case. Look it up, Dinho took Messi out on a few nights, and Pep was having none of it.	Somehow i'm convinced that Dinho also took Pato clubbing in Milan too. Sigh.
Can we have a meta where we bust out our most offensive SAWCM jokes?	so, a white 20-year old male in perfect health walks into a bar...
I think Eli is Hodor.  He's a Giant, goofy looking, often carries the team on his back, and every now and then does something remarkable.	don't befoul the name of Hodor with these Eli Manning comparisons
i once got killed by a bear in sPvP, true story.	I once never ressed my pet since he died first of all in sPvP, while getting highest amount of kills total. newlinechar  newlinechar The pets work like a running joke. BWE2 will see if they've improved.
That's actually the wish she asked for from the Make a Wish foundation: I just wanna kill a few people with a car.	I'm sure we have bath salts for that. We have the technology.
Have you watched their video? They're planning on using a lot of tech from other companies, Space-X included.	i have seen porno's that were more realistic than this garbage
today is the first day of winter in Australia, the  Nissan pulsar http://www.nissan.com.au/webpages/models/new_pulsar_sedan.html  sells moderately	I've still got an '89 one working fine (although it did nothing for about 15 years)
Gah who is this? Must know...	**Cherie** from Southern Charms newlinechar  newlinechar Links: newlinechar  newlinechar * [Peachy Forum Link](http://peachyforum.com/t/cherie-southerncharms-246868.aspx) newlinechar  newlinechar Numerous torrents/collections exist on the internet, though many contain differing files (ie: no one archive has them all). As seen above, she has done some hardcore.
U RMMBER WORNG	I really dont, i saw the post earlier
The judges on chopped are actual competent chefs, though	The one in the middle seems snotty.
Hur smakar Plopp Lakrits d, och kan man kpa det? Ska till Sverige nsta vecka, och vervger att ta massa ckligt godis.	Besudlad choklad imo
Hmmm...not sure if that's bad trigger discipline or not. I mean technically it is but it is an odd position...	I know... it is quite literally brand new out of the box and I was trying to hold it steady while taking a photo with a camera in my left hand!  :)
what, mayhaps, is your job?	Document review for a law firm. I essentially read other people's email and documents and decide if said doc is responsive to a subpoena served on our client. It's actually mind-numbingly boring, hence the audio books
Is the stadium radioactive?	Nope, but there are shady dudes hanging around selling little bags of blue crystal stuff...
The other 45% percent thinks that they share a lot of staff between teams, which is kinda true (Chris Metzen, for example) 	I see. I really hope they utilize more of the resources from the WOW team to help out especially in terms of server stabilization/optimization etc... crossing my fingers :) 
No necessarily - cats know how to bite lightly. Have you never play-fought with a kitten? They take your fingers between their teeth but it doesn't hurt.	True, their teeth doesn't hurt....Their claws though, god dammit how they can scratch wounds easily!
Awesome, you ran into the president of Finland	Sorry my friend but we have a new president :( newlinechar  newlinechar http://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sauli_Niinist%C3%B6
I hope they duct tape him down for the duration of season 2	Wanna hear this good penis joke? Never mind, it's too long...
If you took out any reference to 'max' in the trailer, I would have *no* idea it was a max payne sequel.	So? What's your point?
[Because I don't bitch shit.](http://imgur.com/8ClvN)	Needs new trucks, you can't grind with those.
I really don't agree with the vote-spoiling, but that's some nice handwriting	I think I prefer people spoil the vote then don't understand. It shows that there's an interest in what's going on and in the vote and it says that it hasn't been clear enough. newlinechar  newlinechar It's better than not voting and making it look like we don't care.
The dude can't say the letter L. 'Caw Gih-wees!'	typical yinzer
Then you'd have valid reason to cut off the rest of the foot!	Why stop there....
Obama ordered stuxnet?  I mean, I figured it was either him or Israel, but I didn't expect it to become public knowledge any time soon... newlinechar  newlinechar edit - does this shed any light on who was behind the assassinations of nuclear scientists?	&gt; edit - does this shed any light on who was behind the assassinations of nuclear scientists? newlinechar  newlinechar If that wasn't mossad, I'll buy you a steak dinner.
They extended the double XP weekend through Monday, IIRC.	Yes. It's really depressing to go from decent rates to slow ass shit rates again.
Is that what you're calling your love life nowadays?	www.sadtrombone.com
Double sided chainsaw dildos.	With a hidden flamethrower on the tip.
When does this take effect? 	It took affect at Midnight last night.
How much, OP?	2.99 USD
Don't you mean, love the idear?	Love the ideer works too!
I could have paid off my car with that $4,000.	Dam I could have gone on holiday with that $2,000. 
Why must everyone one up me!	You're a great leader.
Get Bruce Willis to do an AMA and then tell him this story.	But we need to keep it on topic.  His time is valuable.  
[](/rlunagasp) Curiouser and curiouser...	I'm curious as to why everyone is so curious.....
6... 'average sized'  newlinechar  newlinechar *cries in corner, eating another cheeseburger*	That isn't helping, damn you!
all i ever find is women jeans and old baby shoes newlinechar 	That is because these people are lying to get karma points.
I sense a disturbing lack of Fallout players on this subreddit.	People who use Reddit for politics only are weird.
It does seem that shame is about the only way to get people to change their behavior. newlinechar  newlinechar +1	Peer pressure exists for a reason.
What is this place?....	Awesome
That's selling him short. More like a power user who mods about 100 subreddits.	It's over 160 now...pretty sure I saw her say that very recently.
[This](http://media.battlestarwiki.org/images/2/2f/BSG_Blue_prints.png) is on that wiki page. Which comes from the BSG board game.	Great, thanks! I've played a lot of the BSG board game and it's expansions, but don't own it.
this doesn't sound like skrillex	If you listen closely, you can hear that the drop sounds very similar to the drop of 'First of The Year'. 
This is the blog of the documentary film maker who released the Gregg Williams audio and his version of the events that surrounded the release. There will be no better source for his viewpoint.	Oh, I had no idea who this guy was. Thanks.
I just want it animated like Home Movies. 	If you loved Home Movies, watch Bob's Burgers (season 1 on netflix). Same animation and the same, if not better, humor.
no. She danced for a long time. Still does occasionally.	There are benefits. She only needs to pack one sandal when going on vacation.
I've had some good dumps in my day, but that must've been quite the relief. 	Looks like /r/poop is leaking...........
We furries dont joke, we create drama, it seems.	I'm sick of the fandom. I QUIT! So long everyone, BECAUSE I AM DONE! &gt;:(
With a gun?	Clearly majix is the man who hit and ran. 
Maybe a weird question, but have you seen the movie and if so how do they compare? I imagine the book is much worse, as you vividly imagine terrible things rather than see fake depictions. newlinechar  newlinechar Though, the movie was definitely scarring.	No, I haven't seen it. I learned my lesson.
'HERE THERE BE DRAGONS'	I would watch the hell out of that show.
Outlaw memes then. . .	Or you know, don't be a jackass and use your mind to come up with original content.  We both know there are too many toddlers on this site that eat that shit up to get them banned.
Would The *Fabulous* Executioner sound better?	Truly, truly outrageous! newlinechar  newlinechar Sounds like we have someone ready to 1v2 Ezreal and Taric 
That article says he was described as 'Mr Vroom Vroom himself' in 1979. Unlikely as he was 19 at the time	Must have been a typo on 1989, since he started on the original Top Gear in '88.
This is really well made. Also, I can't believe people are actually complaining about the start menu being gone. If you need to search for something, press Windows Key + Q. Simple as that.	you know when you just move the mouse on the left side corner for like 15 years it's hard to change it now in your head, you will automatically do this, I personally HATE using any keyboard shortcuts (except for ctrl+c, ctrl+v).
What is this wizardry called google? I've been just typing random addresses to the browser bar to find funny pictures.	This reminds me of the time when search engines sucked and people actually used this method to find useful websites. It worked surprisingly well... at least compared to the search engines at the time.
Fuck yeah! I have 'every start may be a sun to someone' tattooed on my back [from I believe chapter 3 of Cosmos]. People think it's some sort of fancy love quote, and then I like to tell them it's just about the possibility of life on other planets. 	That's really lovely! It might not be a love quote, but I still think it's romantic.
...do elaborate.	...he definitely elaborated.
If you ask me, $99 for MS to sign your virus boot-loader sounds like a total bargain. newlinechar  newlinechar And if a boot-loader shim is happy to run anything (signed or not) then it kinda makes a mockery of the whole secure boot idea, doesn't it?	The idea (although I'm not sure about the implementation) is that Microsoft wouldn't blindly hand out keys to anyone with $99, and that they'd look into the legitimacy of the request.  That being said, that's a shitty way to try to practice security.
Friends ;_;	awwwwww :( Come here *Hugs*
'Here's ten dollars. Bring the change.'	Why did Hitler commit suicide? newlinechar  newlinechar A:He saw the gas bill
It's the best of the newer Ys games, much better than Origin. The soundtrack will melt your face off. A fan translation for the PC version was released a year or two ago.	What makes Origin worse than Felghana? Felghana is the only Ys game I've ever played, but I enjoyed the hell out of it. I'm tempted to drop the $20 for Origin, but reviews are a bit hard to come by.
Donkey calf raises would be the ideal finishing exercise. Take pics plz.	Everybody participating should actually stand on top of each other, totem pole style.
Dr. Archbishop Desmond Clarkson	Dr. Archbishop Ranulph Clarkson Coppola
You can totally sense the inner monologue of 'I just want to go hang out with my stupid friends who believe this shit and don't challenge anything' coming from her.	But then why would you agree to defend those ideas on TV?
Can you link this photo that you are talking about?	Karma whoring for great justice: [pale blue dot](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pale_Blue_Dot)
Public Service Announcement newlinechar  newlinechar TPA = The Perfumers Apprentice.  They have a [flavor section](http://shop.perfumersapprentice.com/c-54-professional-diy-flavors.aspx) that's huge for DIYers. newlinechar  newlinechar PSA because it took me too long to figure that out, and I've ordered from them before.  	LOL I almost spelled it out myself because it took me forever to figure it out the first time I saw it referred to as TPA.
I'll ask what is on everyone's mind.  Is there anyway that you can tell us how much you paid?  I understand if you don't want to!	I paid $3500. If he was some stranger, I would have haggled my ass off, or even brought scavenger dad to haggle for me. In this case, the money is not the important thing.
If you didn't do it, don't apologize for it.	I know, peer pressure I guess. 
that comment was like when a comedian incorporates a previous joke into the one hes currently telling. i had just finished looking at the breadfriend link anove and then....this. newlinechar  newlinechar 10/10	[Callback.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Callback_(comedy\))
Wow, thank you so much! I have to say, the Mortal Kombat shoes are easily my favorite I have done lately. I want to do more like them, more minimalist designs so that I can focus on making them pop.	You say you'd wear them all day, i was pretty sure that was the point of wearing shoes though?
Its because of tax inefficiency. When you own to many fiefs it starts to occur. A good way to fix this is giving your lords some fiefs. check out this thread to find out some more: http://forum.paradoxplaza.com/forum/showthread.php?475872-Tax-efficiency 	But Tax inefficiency losses are catalogued as a seperate penalty? newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: To clarify, it's not that I'm just not receiving a positve total, it's that rents in the weekly writeup are all '0'
This could have had a huge benefit for start-ups and small businesses and they're hardly disgraceful to look at.  newlinechar  newlinechar Putting them underground wouldn't be a great idea either, maintenance work would be a bitch.  	Underground but accessible. I don't mean concrete over them!
Another four years for that, but I'll be well worth it.	It has exhibition status at these olympics, there won't be medals but there'll be some games to check out the level of interest.
The Geneva Conventions allow for the summary execution of unarmed prisoners? newlinechar  newlinechar On another note, I believe the photographer who took this later apologised to the executioner in the picture.	He's a spy, spies can and will be executed. Doesn't matter if they are armed or not.
Blind but clever timing just when the point has been capped. :)	Pyyyour had also just taken damage, so the sound of the medic being hurt may have helped localize that main target. 
If you wanna wax metaphysics then I'm pretty sure deadric princes can't create at all, only change.   Most cults tend to stick to the revrence of one diety as Princes seem to be jelousm angry sorts of things that don't often work together.	I may be wrong, but I do think Daedra can create. The Daedra can be defined as et'ada who didn't contribute in creating Mundus. These et'ada aren't all padomaic though. 
Brazzers	baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
This will be our third replacement of a manager poached by a bigger team that likes the way we play in three seasons. Third time lucky surely!?	If/when you manage to break into the top half I'm sure it will be easier to keep your managers. Thankfully your players seem pretty loyal
Must be all those iPads you won	But first, he had better grab one of those penis enlargers. 10 inches is mandatory nowadays.
Damn, wrong incest. Try this one http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/nmmjr/iama_man_who_had_a_sexual_relationship_with_his/	_ you've got many links out there sir...
I know two people that have hit the pavement with enough force to split their helmet, they probably wouldn't be here if they didn't have one on.	I know another 3 and I happen to be one of them. I really cannot understand those people who ride among traffic with no helmet (or their helmet not done up).
T-bagging is critical.	I like checking out their kit, usually check if they have support so I can give myself som ammo, then possibly skip back to mine again.
Also, nipples can be seen in original, are in totally the wrong place in 'x-ray'. Bad shoop is bad. 	[GIF comparison](http://i.imgur.com/LUJ7O.gif)
Ok, context?  newlinechar  newlinechar Was there justice served on that tray?	No, but they served juice on that tray.  newlinechar  newlinechar I'll be going now
Ooooh, I love Hammer films. newlinechar  newlinechar And Im a big Godzilla/Gamera fan.   newlinechar  newlinechar I will see what I can do newlinechar  newlinechar ;)	You are the awesome!
I don't think top 4 is a realistic goal for this Liverpool side just yet. In a year or two maybe, but not next season.	Yup. I agree, especially with the way Chelsea has been spending.
Nope! But nice try you courageous cavalier you!	But eloquence is so overrated :(
Separator :)	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9_ngO76bso
Unless it clones Lord of the Unreal.	I think that stopped being playable about 2 weeks after Innistrad came out dude.
What the fuck just happened in this thread?	Life happened. 
Why are you using your laptop in the bathroom for such extended amounts of time?!	yes i wonder [why](http://www.gifflix.com/files/8089128842af.gif)
Sounds awesome! Do you have those awesome oil-pump-thingies too or am I confusing you with some other state?	Probably thinking of some other state. We can't pump our own gas, though!
If I were to do so, where would I start?	If you did a full factory reset, and correctly installed the ROM, the next step would be to try different kernels with the ROM installed. 
but could she act it?	no.
Yep, it's a [Magpul MBUS](http://store.magpul.com/product/MAG248/44). newlinechar  newlinechar I can actually use both the same time, called 'co-witnessing'...rather cool. newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks!	Any point to co-witnessing? (serious question)
Dude, it's a fucking entertainment website. If it gives anyone a few cheap yucks then it's worth something, even if it is very little. Now granted, novelties often pop up in places they shouldn't be like serious discussions, but Shitty_Watercolour seems to only post in light-hearted places.	Once upon a time, it was a news website, not an entertainment website.
Something like this? http://imgur.com/9nPqm	That is pretty sweet.  I have a clock like that (grunge clock) but what are you using on the right side? (I am super new to rainmeter so if thats some stock or common plugins/skins, I don't recognize them)
Wait, there are Mormons in Australia?	why not zoidbergs?
Ever drink Bailey's out of an old boot?	An' I call this one, 'As close as you can get to Bailey's without yer eyes gettin' wet'!
You could say the same of everyone in that bracket though.	Comparatively though, I'd say Flash and JD are slightly behind the rest of them.
Jesus Christ, 6 is *cheap*?! How much are the expensive ones over there?	I just  overpaid about 9.50 for some Djarum Cherries. Most 20 packs are 7-9, the government just increased cigarette tax :(
Long sleeved shirts and sunglasses are mandatory when walking on the surface of Mars.	Also mandatory for solving crime in Miami.
I'm no renekton player, but maybe they made this to improve his late-game?	Late-game it's way better to stun the enemy carry than some lousy armor reduction which is bound to the single mobility spell you've got.
[](/sbstare) If... our small community has 3k already. Launch day is going to be one hell of a trip when all of the Planetside sub communities come together.	HUEHUEHUEHUEHUE
my credit card expires 12/12, almost dont want to get a new one just cos its so convenient when entering on forms	What's the card number and the CDC? I want to know if they're convenient, too. :D
This could be awesome. It sounds a bit like Prey 2, actually.	I was so scared they were going to cancel Prey 2, but it just turns out theyre delaying it a while.  newlinechar  newlinechar Still a little worried though.
It is extremely disgusting. Those kids would be better off in the gutter starving for food and not knowing the love of another.	Two people properly raising a child... with love? BLASPHEMY 
Or get fat and wear a hawaiian shirt under a yellow raincoat.	And somehow permeate the idea that he's always hanging around vending machines
Wow nice one, gonna be fun. newlinechar So the ult has no max range? newlinechar  newlinechar Is this a bug?	Nope. Global ult. Think Ez trueshot barrage and Ashe arrow.
yo my homey showed me this cats website. They're all hand carved, and he does photo shoots for the builds. The pipes are CRAZY. I wish I could find the url :(	[This site?](http://www.dmpipes.com/). OP is actually the maker of the pipes.
Needs green lights, too!	He might end up merging with the PC though.
You could always use it to confuse people who've read Catcher in the Rye but haven't seen SAC.	I've thought about that too. I can just imagine the puzzled looks on their faces
How would you even use 'yeah nigga it's a dyson'	When someone asks what kind of vacuum cleaner you have.
A simple majority should be used to decide certain legislation that applies to everyone, equally. But anything such as civil rights should not be taken away by a majority. newlinechar  newlinechar  	 Should the 1% be able to decide their own tax rate? The top marginal tax rate only effects people that make X amount of dollars so should they vote on it? 
Stupid black kid. Why would having wings make you an angle?	Stupid Korean. Just because you have a dog doesn't mean you should eat it. 
It isn't perfectly acceptable! It's ignorant and irritating!	So, you like people knowing the correct names of guns? That don't impress me much. newlinechar  newlinechar Shania Twain
What's the difference between niggers and tires? newlinechar  newlinechar Tires don't sing when you put chains on them.	Tires also don't kick when you hang em from trees...
He's 18! That's how old you are! soon you'll be a grandpa! newlinechar  newlinechar Just kidding:) also I am old enough to be your son. Think about that.	LOL, I need a sex change to be anyone's grandpa. newlinechar  newlinechar And screw you, I'm not old. It's just all those kids on the internet these days... Go do your homework!
Yup, they are ugly vile little creatures until they're full grown. newlinechar 	ugly vile APHID EATING MACHINES excuse you very much :)
Y'ALL GON MAKE ME WASH THESE SOCKS newlinechar UP IN H'YEAH, UP IN H'YEAH! newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Y'ALL GON MAKE ME DRY THESE TOWELS newlinechar UP IN H'YEAH, UP IN H'YEAH!	Could you help me locate my shit please because I just lost it!
Well to be fair, every time someone calls the young girls in the cast beautiful or any synonym of this word, everyone flips the fuck out.	Because it can easily escalate from 'they're good looking actresses' to 'I'd tap that'.
I hate you. I've been sharing this video for days.	Is this the video? I don't have the gall to open the link. ono
I want friendly fire.  You should have to worry about hitting friendlies in your strafing runs.  	&gt; Friendly fire + free to play newlinechar  newlinechar Jesus christ how can anyone think this is a good idea newlinechar  newlinechar 
That seems kinda worthless since you can see how many victories you have with a character already.	The point is not that you can see how many victories you had, but that other players can see how many victories you had (while wearing the beard)
Hmmmm Payback was a great flick. 	*It's all right, he's just killing my alligator bags and shooting holes in my suits. Man, that's just MEAN. That's MEAN, man.*
maybe he wants the karma by you KNOWING it's a fake	'OP is an asshole but I left a witty comment so I'll upvote OP so people see and upvote my witty comment!'. newlinechar  newlinechar Happens to me all the time. Except I'm not witty and it results in many downvotes.
You could get a similar laptop skin! :D	I would get laptop and phone 
Come on, don't be so lazy and wasteful. doing dishes is not that mauch of an effort.	Wish I could give more than one upvote. I'm lazy. I'm not the most eco-conscious person in the world either, but that someone buys plastic cutlery out of sheer lazyness leaves me speechless. It takes, what, all of a few seconds to clean a fork &amp; knife?
File, new smart playlist,  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/JFmeo.png	TIL. newlinechar  newlinechar Thank you.
you know when you just move the mouse on the left side corner for like 15 years it's hard to change it now in your head, you will automatically do this, I personally HATE using any keyboard shortcuts (except for ctrl+c, ctrl+v).	i agree. and i think there is no reason a person should have to use the keyboard for simple basic navigation of an os.
Just checked out the entry for Julia Louis-Dreyfus. She's worth 5x as much as Seinfeld, as she's the heiress to an energy dynasty.	Sweet lord
Every man would be getting laid way more easily if they were gay.	Seriously. Sometimes I wish I was gay :( newlinechar  newlinechar Boobs are awesome though, so I'm screwed (or aren't I?) :(
'Englander Pig dog!'	Gott in himmel!
Might as well go for broke newlinechar  newlinechar 'I was like, traveling, man. The injustice, man, it was just so sad. It just made me really sympathetic to the plight of the HMV customer'	Put a country down like China or Thailand, then you can write it up as 'experience handling shit quality clothing' thus furthering your Primark chances..
What's worse is that level 2 is GCSE level, who is working 12 months at below minimum wage to not even get an A-level at aged 19-24? 	I'll rather just wash dishes. That's awful. I'm doing my A levels ths year at 18, and if it was a weekend job I guess I would still take it for the experience... newlinechar  newlinechar But out of college, no way.
Today I discovered Merzbow. Sometimes I feel like my taste in music is just slowly degenerating. I don't even try and tell most people about most of the music I find, lest I be called a Hipster/Pretentious/Show off	Yeah, I've found that when people ask about your musical interests, 'noise' is not an answer they expect.
It's insane how good these are.	Mad skills.
I'll just shit the fuck up.	Gotta love autocorrect. Making a mockery of every serious discussion/argument ever. Ah well.
26, dad would be 74 but he died a couple years ago.	I'm sorry for your loss.
What's the deal with the tach lights? Is that some kind of alert for the driver or just camera/lighting?	Those are spek guages, they turn red when they are above a set limit. The tach works like a shift light that way, and also has a setting for pit road speed where its green when at the correct RPM for pitroad. Pretty badass stuff.
Do they still do that for sitcoms?	Yep. Think of it this way, if you can tell it's being filmed on a sound stage (never see the ceiling or the 4th wall), chances are there's a studio audience.
This has only been implemented recently, it doesn't work with server 2003.	Are you sure about that?  Seems to me the feature has been around longer but I could be mistaken.  Might want to check your Server 2003 Terminal Services configuration.  Could just be that remote clipboard is disabled.
I have sent many a blacked out message with perfect spelling and grammar. I have also sent random combinations of letters and numbers. But that is a whole new level of black out.	It's pretty much impossible to text like a drunk on an iPhone on accident. Even if you type nothing close to what you mean to say it'll autocorrect it. You have to actually try to look like you're drunk, it's quite convenient. 
Not the NSFW I was expecting (or hoping) newlinechar  newlinechar There's something wrong with me to hope for some NSFW HP.	Nope not wrong, this exists /r/HarryPotterGoneWild mostly slash.
False.  Actually, I have no idea and just wanted to do this too.  I'm sorry.	False. you really do have an idea, but I won't tell you what it is
Who talks to Ben like this? Fuck you asshole, what's wrong with your head? 	Anyone with half a brain talks to Ben like that because that's how he deserves to be treated.  This isn't rocket science.  Do I have to tell you to go fuck yourself too?  Because I will.  
It's some kind of converter - says Atari 850 on the front!	Atari 850 is a 'Hub' of sorts that allows you to attach SIO devices in a star topology, it also bridges to a parallel port and 4 serial ports, if i recall correctly.
the best is the fact that they use the same jokes that children used when I was 8...so...20 years of the same short jokes	You and me both bro. You and me both. I'm 5'5' or something like that. 165CM. Sucks hard :/
[Dachte ich mir schon, dass es eine Lge war](http://forexmagnates.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/07/rofl.jpg)	[Eigentlich nicht.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EytotH8BENI)
It's also the best way to have a total immersive experience! Nothing like paranoia when you think you saw a shadow move.	Exactly, any sound that is made has the potential to just make you fill your pantaloons with excrement...
So, you like people knowing the correct names of guns? That don't impress me much. newlinechar  newlinechar Shania Twain	Hey, if you want to seem like an ignoramus then go right ahead, but don't blame me for trying to do a little educatin'.
I knew there was a reason RES is telling me I've accumulated 10 downvotes on SortCodeify... This explains it.	I had +2, what have I been upvoting??
I just played the entire thing, wtf. 5137th place.	In all fairness, everyone wants to shoot at Bush. newlinechar  newlinechar If you know what i mean.
I can understand being pro-choice, but why pro-death penalty?  It seems kinda biblical.  	Because there are some fucks that ~~doesn't~~ do not deserve to be fucking any more EDIT: 19 hours later I realize I am retarded
Sounds like fun. The Ancient Guardian trick is ridiculous.	Wait until it gets nerfed, like every other unique/interesting thing wizards have found...
This is so well spoken my friend. It's nice to know people like you are still out there. As long as a select few still care. Humanity lives on. Keep living life the right way my friend.	That means a lot to me. Seriously. Thank you.
Right?!	Have an interrobang... newlinechar  newlinechar Next time you feel the need to be both astonished and questioning, feel free to use it.  Enjoy!
I'm in love with that bong. Where did you get it?	St.Marks in NYC. It's a run of the mill kind of bong that I got for 20 bucks. It is quite nice, but the stem's quality wasn't very good and broke after it fell down literally 10 inches onto my carpet.
Somehow i'm convinced that Dinho also took Pato clubbing in Milan too. Sigh.	I think Pato's problems have mainly been injury related.
gesundheit	Bless you.
I believe that's the case, yes but there are all sorts of explanations including poor diagnosis of it in countries that have less focus on mental health.	That's the first thing I immediately thought of when you mentioned the disparity.  Have any studies compared a more well-known/well-studied mental disorder to see if there is a similar disparity?
Successful trade with **GeneralD1ssaray**; My *Dark Tower Hardcover* and *Animal Man TPB* for his *Sweet Tooth vol 1 &amp; 2 TPBs* and *Wolverine Origins TPB*	Confirmed. Thanks again :D
Not quite - Australia beat *American Samoa* 32-0. Also, I want that guy commentating every football match ever.	can you imagine the score if they played a full strength Spain side!
By 'their' I meant science, the creation of steel and love. newlinechar  newlinechar You pointed to OP's thought process and said similar things had horrible results. The same can be said for falling in love, creating a science experiment, and smelting steel.  newlinechar 	I'm not sure what your point is.  Your statement is factually correct, but I'd ask you to clarify as to what conclusion you draw from this statement.  Are you equating science, religion, and love?  And if so, in what context or forum?  
this seems to be failing with todays kids. keeping shit clean.	I'm a kid today and [I find this statement offensive.](http://i.imgur.com/JQYrG.jpg)
Wait, you call ketchup tomato sauce? What do you put on spaghetti then?  	Pasta sauce. 
Exactly. You're going to spend a hell of a lot more than 20 on transport unless you live within walking distance anyway.	The job centre actually covers any travel expenses for placements and apprenticeships, but obviously the whole thing is still fucking horrendous.
Welcome to the world of rendering, champ.	this might be a bit stupid but i assume you can pause it ?
So.... what was his name ?	No one really cares, probably not even you.
it means you bitch and cry about anyone having fun riding motorcycles.	God I love this username lol
Or a zip drive	Scuzzy
It took affect at Midnight last night.	Yep, I was still up at midnight and noticed it was gone.
Never read that one myself.	You're not missing much, it was pretty silly an nonsexual.
Shit, I adopted last month... newlinechar  newlinechar My puppy came with all his shots, already fixed, free first vet visit, a month of pet insurance, and an ID chip. All for 100 bucks. 	Pics?
So ... He was driving sideways and hit you with the door?	He was turning so his door hit my front tire.
&gt;As such people are getting downvoted on there for making any criticisms of those teams. newlinechar  newlinechar I know how you feel, [this is my most downvoted comment](http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/u14l2/the_20year_premier_league_table/c4rgar9?context=3) of all my time on Reddit. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Fucking hell, just read through that entire conversation, that was torturous. I don't understand how referencing the ridiculous influxes of money to certain clubs has become a taboo subject on r/soccer.  newlinechar  newlinechar Fuck 'em anyway, I'm fully confident we'll finish top 3 next season.
[Here](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2012-02-20/32-000-year-old-plant-reborn-from-ancient-fruit-found-in-siberian-ice.html), Or [here](http://lmgtfy.com/?q=32%2C000-Year-Old+Plant+Reborn+From+Ancient+Fruit 'Google it :P')	Thank you!
And if not limbodog, me?	No way, this is my time to shine.
'sit there and food' newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I'm liking this new verb.	Person: When are you coming to the party? newlinechar  newlinechar Me: Oh i'll be there shortly, i need to food.
all these team the of the year cards	Yeah, the part of releasing for several regions seems like a money grab.
Can be quite quiet at idle and low RPM, especially with a 2j newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXpIOTq15h4	That's fucking awesome.
Was it a drop bear?	It was probably a drop bear resting, after a night of murderous rampage. 
I guess the new equation for disapproval is Fairly Decent Advice + The Inability to Take A Fucking Joke = Downvotes.	Get used to it I guess hahaha...
yea no kidding...and after watching how the game should be played at a high level, you can barely suffer watching anything less.	My worst mistake is assuming people know how to play the game the way it should 
i said i LIKED it, nothing to blame :p	figure of speech of course ;)
Software techniques should not be patentable...	I totally agree, it's disgusting to see bits of code being made proprietary in the same way bits of math can be. It's bad for innovation, especially when the code is an obvious solution to a common problem.
ifunny.mobi is definitely one of these two things: newlinechar  newlinechar 1. A clearing house of fine humor submitted by 5th graders     newlinechar or     newlinechar 2. A brilliant piece of performance art	Tough decision
Of course the rest of his face has seen sunlight, it's just one side significantly more. Don't be intentionally daft.	Actually, UV light is easily blocked by the windshield.
That's what you think.	Honestly, if I were a woman and I stumbled upon my husband's reddit account in which he confessed he made out with other women, I would be like 'WTF. I married a man who chose poopiediapers as a username?'
This judge understood what was at stake, having written some code himself. We need more judges who understand WTF the parties are arguing about!	Especially on patent cases - if the Supreme Court understood the process of writing software a little better I don't think we'd have software patents anymore.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UWyma-8XorI	Actually, I think it is a reference to this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6ROXLtorwY&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=170s newlinechar  newlinechar Bonus: it is the entire episode.  Watch it all. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I mean... bizarro watch it all!
I think it's more noteworthy that he considers Romney a worthy opponent.	Democrats are always more generous to their political opposition, while Republicans just tend to call everyone else traitors.
inb4 pedobear. inb4 OP can't inb4.	http://www.countrysideservices.biz/PeaSticksBundle.jpg
Yeah, stupid Tehau had to ruin everything with his goal in the 50th. 	The best goal was, by far, Tehau's second.
Alternate ending: post on /r/whiterights , get upvoted to the moon. newlinechar 	Why not both?
HEYOOOOOOOO	&gt;H**I**YOOOOOO newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY
Aloe Vera is the SO of an AskReddit mod.	I'm going to be perfectly honest, I just wrote the first thing that came to my mind, I don't actually have him tagged.  The fact that it can make sense in some context at all a pleasant little bit of coincidence.
Do it all at once.there will be incompatibility, and it Will suck.	There are times when you ask a question and you really know the answer ........ Thanks anyway, I'll just have to feed the piggy bank :(
Thank you for being from Long Island (Suffolk county none the less) and NOT calling it 'Strong Island'	Lol strong island.... Fuck those people. 
and lots of money!	Surprisingly cheap. You can pick up a 500C/M in great condition for around the cost of an entry-level Canon SLR.
My favourite part is his ['proof'](http://in.answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20110312043443AA7UvNm) that most criminals are atheists. newlinechar  newlinechar It's just a Yahoo answer page with the poster making that assertion, and then a response basically telling him he's being a bigot.	I was just going to point that out.  newlinechar Up vote for you!
moments like that are why I love Justiceporn	Amen, brethren.
Are you sure we want laws to be decided by public opinion? I can see a whole lot of shit going wrong if we simply let the masses vote on specific legislation. 	Tragedy of the Commons and all that.
http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.drawing.color newlinechar  newlinechar Scroll down to the bottom where it says 'methods'.	For this it's important to remember you'll have to reference System.Drawing.dll and it has a different Color class than WindowsBase or whatever it is that WPF uses.
Stay away from that straight fentanyl for your own good. Very dangerous to those with low tolerances. Stick to using the patches if they do what you want already. Don't fix whats not broken ya know? And yes we can be friends :)	Yes! I like friends. Also, I appreciate the advice.
I'd suggest you to fix your gamma/luminosity/contrast. There are good tools online: http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Monitor+calibration	Just to seal the deal on this, I ran the sidebar through a contrast checker and it's good even for people with minor sight disability.
Obviously it's a fine-looking anus.	Thank you. Have an upvote
Of course, i mention this on guru a few months back and would LOVE this feature, the only down side of having a bird as a pet is that they die really fast. But love the idea.	That's not the only down side.  They also attack very slow because they do the stupid figure 8 swoop before each attack. newlinechar  newlinechar Ah well, I guess attacks by a little pecker just aren't a threat to anyone.
here, let me hum you a lullaby.	Twinkle Twinkle Little Star.... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jRXQsQKGqIU
see, now this is a cool photo	yep, no retarded shots of the Cira Center newlinechar  newlinechar Broad street blows my mind, easily identified from way up. Straightest street in america, maybe the world. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, your propeller seems to have turned into a single strap of leather
30 minutes before you, this crap was posted. Do you even check this subreddit? Holy crap.	Apparently using [search](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/search?q=notch&amp;sort=new&amp;restrict_sr=on) is hard.
It is seriously horrible considering the rudimentary color shading and tone differences. Any middle school student in a half baked art class could do this in less time. He didn't even clean up the white shit in the top right for fucks sake.	What years does middle school include? We don't have that here in WA.
Uranium! 	I think uranium should go on the toilet seat, for the potential pun implications down the road.
Why not just right click and then hit paste? Or use CTRL + P.	Because Ctrl+V is what I use in other programs, so it's better if I can use the same in the command prompt too.
Only if they don't reproduce first.	its a vicious cycle
I believe it to be a primordial hominid habit that could have protected us from eating something that just didn't smell right. [](/likeasir)	So if it smells right...
Yup. Can't have conflicting stories out there. 	People might panic.
*than newlinechar  newlinechar and newlinechar  newlinechar *than newlinechar  newlinechar again.	*Kristen newlinechar  newlinechar *Stewart
I'd say you're correct, that does look like them (or rather, an artist's interpretation of them), and the top four hieroglyphs on the throne read 'itn' (Aten). 	Yay, I'm not just losing my Egyptian mythology... Kudos for being able to read hieroglyphics, too!
10 years isn't 'life'	If it is still in good condition and the only reason it's not being used is because it isn't needed, I'd call it 'for life'.
They're only fuck buddies, not friends with benefits. No cuddling allowed.	lol. this made my day
Considering it's cartman, he likely got it on release day	ccmmmm'oooonn cmmm'ooon
That is not at all true, empathy is not limited to humans, and many humans do not experience empathy at all. More than a couple per cent of the population. Sociopathy, Narcissism, Aspergers and Autism are all common in humans.	I want a source on the couple of percent, and their definition of empathy, and which animals feel empathy and to what degree.
Allow it.	* If it's not a recipe, it does not belong here. newlinechar  newlinechar * No videos. newlinechar  newlinechar I swear, moderators these days.
Fancy!	It is a fancy song it plays.
Well his knights were the Rainbow Guard in the books...	I think it was meant to contrast with the whiteguard, rather than be some kind of ape of the gay flag.
How does one determine the sex of a cactus plant?	Very carefully.
Also note that it is said that Skagosi rode 'Shaggy unicorns', now I have never really seen a 'shaggy or furry' horse, but goats fit this description much better.	[You've obviously never seen these guys!](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-Y_317DfJ-QY/TW4FnDoIreI/AAAAAAAAAJ0/uYLtEOErG9w/shaggy%2520horse.jpg)
Yup. Already tweaking and optimizing. Not sure how layered the permissions will be though, something to consider.	sweet 
&gt;...do NOTHING about the real problems in this world newlinechar  newlinechar how do you know that?	If any differences are being made towards real world problems i would give credit to the individual who carry out the acts. Not 2000 year old texts that inspire a belief system which can be exploited for good and bad.
I raised this on here a couple of weeks ago, citing their lack of Champions League qualification and the discontent amongst fans, and most fans on here said that the majority supported him. newlinechar  newlinechar I suppose it's down to what you believe.	I think it was pretty divided. Personally I think his transfer record started to dwindle and it certainly didn't get any easier with the ownership troubles.  newlinechar  newlinechar Kind of hated to see him fall, but was happier to see him go.
The shadow was following him. Towards the end you find out what exactly this means.	oldmanpenis
I once watched the new years fireworks in WoW instead of the ones that were happening right outside.  newlinechar  newlinechar Good times.	Guilty 
Stop being a nigger, Faggot	Nigger faggoting a being, stop
Evangelion is a yearly thing for me. Or when I just cant find a decent anime to pull me in i'll watch it just to remind myself of how truly amazing anime can be.	It really is a beautifully done series. I recommend it to everyone, anime and non-anime fans alike, because it is just good story telling. 
white harbor is quite a abit away from the wall, you might be thinking of Eastwatch by the Sea	I don't think there's much traffic there, and certainly not enough to avoid all possibility of suspicion.
Well obviously Tom is best background pony.	Tom is most certainly the best rock ever. [](/c25) 
Yeah. If you look at comparison pictures from certain dates, his nose looks a little different. Suggesting that they may have had a lookalike contest to keep the band together and keep the money flowing	Yes supposedly 'Paul' is actually a look alike named William Shears Campbell. Supposedly the Beatles even elude to this by introducing 'Billy Shears' in the Sgt Pepper song.
Nope. Global ult. Think Ez trueshot barrage and Ashe arrow.	Though easier to hear coming across the map?
Why take a census if not to collect taxes?  newlinechar  newlinechar I do not question your claims, but it makes me doubt the original article.	To get an idea of one's military-aged population?
If Norwich dont get good replacements (for both men leaving) then I feel they are as good as relegated before the season starts. Last seasons success was pretty much down to good managing from Lambert and good performances from Holt	Maybe Rhodes to replace Holt? Might be a bit of a gamble but they seem similar players.  Would be good for Rhodes anyway, and I want to see him develop.
I hear that. Too bad his latest work was a screenplay. However, knowing that he works on more than one thing at a time, I hope he surprises us with a novel.	He's currently working on three: [last sentence](http://www.guardian.co.uk/books/2009/may/18/cormac-mccarthy-archive-texas)
I have a rag doll too. [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/FxWCX.jpg)	He looks badass!  Anymore?
Word on the street is if you res-up a piece by smoking all res it makes super res.	Goddamn perpetual resin machine.
Why would you keep your wallet in your back pocket at all? 	If I ever go I'm putting a wallet with monopoly money in there. 
get a sidecar?	hhmmm, i can barely afford two wheels, i think a 3rd would be getting greedy ;)
Google 'Crossfit Seattle Fitness levels' then set a goal to get to level 1,2,3 etc.  	I this the one where it goes through different weights you should be able to lift and different distances you should be able torun etc.?  
I can't wait to see it! These things were so awesome! Straight from the sewer to you!	Every bit as good as I remembered. My fiancee had never eaten one, but one bite, and she was sold.
Have some compassion, the man doesn't have *shoes* for Christ's sake.	This is cheaper than a ordinary pair of converse in Sweden.
Dude, you promised we wouldn't talk about that ever again.	Aah! Sorry bro, didn't mean to! You know I leak secrets when I see short sequences of Jim Carrey..
Any point to co-witnessing? (serious question)	 newlinechar  newlinechar [here](http://www.m4carbine.net/showthread.php?t=17049)
The job is something different than the training. They basically want a shop assistant and stock taker. 2.60/hr from the government and free labour it seems for business.	They have those there too.  Apprenticeships!  Something like $5 an hour for doing what other people are paid living wages to do...
I think mine would drown.	At least you would no longer be drinking alone.
Jeez, he's tall! I'm so used to seeing him dwarved by Jared Padalecki that I forget. 	I'm 5ft 1&amp;1/2' so he was about 5ft 8' maybe? I dunno haha
No one takes [my](http://img.ponibooru.org/_images/d90a6369832170b2a1bd7c1c67313fe2/82832%20-%20artisdt%3Aanother-story-2tell%20rainbow_dash%20sword.png) sword!	And my axe! newlinechar  newlinechar ...I did that wrong didn't I?
He says something worth quoting every once in a while.	The rest of the time he's just plain mean
Why is this getting downvoted? She wasn't saying anything like 'guys im a girl and I play minecraft' This is original, and she's not trying to whore out being a girl	People do not like pixelart, apparently.
&gt;  the green toilet paper that is in circulation now newlinechar  newlinechar That doesn't sound comfortable at all!  Fresh 20's = paper cut, anyone?	Haha, baby wipes, ftw!
I hope this is James.	Hi username would be so relevant if it really is James.
So he supports Evil Dead style zombies.  OK.	They are Deadites, not zombies.
Commodity auctions have been down almost twice as long as they've been up. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm not saying it will **always** be a failure, but as of today, the gold auction house is pretty much a failure.	If I were to venture a guess, I'd say that they've already fixed commodities and are intentionally not re-instating them. Forcing people to upgrade gems is one (lame) way to provide a gold dump since crafting and the auction house are not working 'as intended'.
Ha, I used to work there. Its legitimate. He also is trying to install a renewable energy source to power it. Mac is a good guy. I then worked across the street at Chicago Gyros for four years. You should check out their new location when the get it finished.	Where is the new Chicago Gyros place? I was never a student at UC, but my girlfriend lived in Clifton when finishing her Master's, we would eat there at least once a week. Who doesn't love heaping portions of spiced meat.
I am not saying to bring up the girl but to educate boys why it is wrong to nake such sexual remarks. 	You think it wouldn't get out why the assembly had been called? 
To remove the taste of oyster?	To remove the increasing taste of oyster as the image festers within the mind.
&gt; Irish people should be hanging their heads in shame today.      newlinechar  newlinechar And why is that?	because he personally didnt get his own way
Actually, I believe rule 35 is about if there's no porn of something, it has to be made. To preserve rule 34, you see. 	I thought it was rule 34, sub-clause b)  newlinechar  newlinechar These things get confusing
___________________________________________________________ newlinechar  newlinechar ^ Across this line, no more memes. 	I used to cross lines but then I took an arrow to the knee!  newlinechar  newlinechar **Muahahahahaha!**
LOL! THis is not a useful PhD we're talking about man, it's COMPARATIVE RELIGION. She'll be flipping burgers or serving coffee till retirement.	I didn't read the details.  My bad.
I had the same problem with Seymour Flux, until I learned you can cheap his fight using Yuna's summons.  Summon something, and the whole attack roster starts all over again once he banishes it, allowing you basically a large number of free hits again and again.	Or you get all your aeons into overdrive and then use all of them, he just falls over after a few extra hits.
The guy named his son after Ayn Rand. newlinechar  newlinechar Enough said. 	His son's name is Randall. Any evidence to back up your claim?  newlinechar  newlinechar I mean, I agree that the guy is a crackpot with very little clue (about economics at least), but I'm doubtful about your claim. 
True, their teeth doesn't hurt....Their claws though, god dammit how they can scratch wounds easily!	Kittens man, they're like tiny little razor blades.
Christ, even a cursory bump on something could crash you out of solution from what it sounds. What plasmids do you use for inducing? I am still learning, so I've been mastering my work on pGEX-2T before I move on to heavier stuff.	I feel like I'm reading [/r/VXJunkies.](http://reddit.com/r/VXJunkies/)
If journalists were in a position to factcheck and corroborate scientific findings then they wouldnt be journalists.	Not even corroborate - just seeing if it has been published would be a good start. newlinechar  newlinechar Shit, maybe I should be a consultant to journalists about science..
The effects cause some great interesting.	Interesting the effects would be. Yes. 
I never realized until now how similar NYC looks to Europe when reduced to thumbnail form.	and gotten rid of New Jersey
The historian in me wants to strangle you, the literature fan in me wants to hug you, and the drunk in me wants to drink. I think I'll drink. 	But what part of you wants to swordfight him? That's the real question.
Because he is karmanaut, and no one likes karmanaut.	Wiat, Trapped_in_Reddit is Karmanaut?!
If you haven't watched the show this is from (Parks and Recreation) do so now. First season is pretty rough, but only 6 episodes. After that, it is likely one of the best shows ever.	I nearly gave up after season 1, but read that they changed Leslie Knope's character and then it became the best thing ever. 
They're...available.  Unfortunately we'd be no better than the shitlords in the OP if we took them, though. :(	I don't get it. AS_86 has posted lots of pictures of himself on reddit, including a pic of him desecrating a holocaust memorial at the site of a former concentration camp. So, how does this make us no better than shitlords?
&gt; -32 points newlinechar  newlinechar I hope you've learned your lesson.	&gt; -47 newlinechar  newlinechar I hope he has.
Saying 'Tell dad he's sexy as fuck' is not a subconscious thought...	It is if you can only admit it when black out drunk.
WHAT? What other game stole this marvelous idea from Portal 2?	Portal 1?
You misspelled 'ex-girlfriend.'	You misspelled 'whore'.
I'm sending this to everyone I know that likes to toast themselves on the beach every summer	Yeah, those poor bastards getting out in the sun, smiling at beautiful girls and swimming around in the ocean/sea.  If only they stopped enjoying life they could be pale and young looking forever.
and then hit a lawyer eat a gym and then message da friend-zoning bitches your dick right?	Whatever floats your boat.
Yup. I agree, especially with the way Chelsea has been spending.	Yeah, it's a bit scary! But exciting to see the players next year.
&gt; There is a big difference between the Apollo mission, the ISS and our mission. Our mission will be one of exploration. newlinechar  newlinechar Unlike Apollo, amirite?	'will be one of exploration'.  newlinechar  newlinechar I hate how they try to feign being a visionary. 
Okay, I'll try a multi-pack. newlinechar  newlinechar The merkur razor has 4.5/5 rating with 400+ reviews so I figured it was solid. Not sure how I'd decide between the two. newlinechar  newlinechar But otherwise it's a complete setup?	Murkers generally -are- solid. It's just that the new heads from mhle/edwin jagger are generally considered better, and they are sold cheaper. newlinechar  newlinechar As such, EJ/Mhle seem to sit comfortably in the middle end of DE.
They should keep that sound for thunderstorms and add a more gentle, soothing sound for normal rainfall, so everybody's happy.	But it's the rainfall I love the most :(
If OP were a business class kind of guy, he would already know this.	Turns out I actually have access to one of the business lounges. I guess I can shower there then.
I have never noticed that before. Poor branding on their part IMO.	It really is. If I'm telling someone about it I have to say 'codecademy.com.. remove the first 'a' in the word academy..'.
dafuq that makes no sense	I know right? 
I have this same theory for Reginald Veljohnson when he plays a cop. Started off as a new york beat cop (ghostbusters) until he shot a kid, transfered to california (die hard), finishes out his career on family matters.	I don't think anyone who has ever habitually watched Die Hard and Family Matters has ever **not** come up with this theory.  It only makes it more awesome and likely that so many people love the idea
It makes sense because the pegasi in the hearth's warming eve pageant were supposed to be spartan looking, and the Spartans trained all of the children together, separating them from their parents at a very young age  newlinechar 	FORESHADOWING
My sister went to Duquesne, she loved sharing stories about all the 'yinzers'.  Now I know what exactly she was talking about.	To be fair, we're not all like that. newlinechar  newlinechar But the ones that are, well- they're just a special breed. I love looking in the window on that lifestyle.
Happy Birthday and good luck finding a team!	i thought he found one already
Not to beat a dead horse, but friendzones exist, they are called 'being manipulated'. newlinechar  newlinechar which is different from dumbasses calling outright rejection friendzoning	I do remember this discussion more clearly now. newlinechar  newlinechar I agree that some situations of friendzoning is manipulation but other times it is just a guy who is completely oblivious
The average Redditor will take the offer anyway.	I have low standards and loose morals. No woman is too fat for me.
Wait, what? How does being on drugs make him a zombie? He's still a cannibal. 	Last I heard, toxicology hasn't come back yet. He could have been on any number of things.... Or nothing at all newlinechar ;p newlinechar 
Are you asking: 'Why does honesty matter' or 'why does knowing what makes people honest matter'?	A little on the line of what HappyonaShelf was saying, I don't have any reason to get people to tell me the truth. I accept what they say as they best they are willing to give and preceed with that version of reality until I understand otherwise.
yeah but who's the one importing all the coke and heroin? think about it. 	Government also makes billions out of legal alcohol and tobacco though so it doesn't really follow that it's in their interests to keep those particular drugs illegal.
/r/ideasfortheadmins maybe?	weded should move his comment into that subreddit
Your tag is amazingly relevant. :)	What? newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: derp
I am sooo sorry it took to 'college thesis' for me to see you were being sarcastic. ::blush::	I've seen enough of these arguments that I'm still not sure he's being sarcastic...
Doesn't my computer have to be 'good'?	It's actually been optimised for less powerful computers. I'm getting a mid range laptop soon that will be able to run it on high/ultra :P or play it on Xbox etc.
I'm such a good member of /r/firstworldanarchists I always tell the machine I've used 3 of my own bags... even if I didn't!  Shh.	Aahh. in Morrisons, if you do the self service pasta bar thing (I'm good at naming things) on the checkout you can put it through as a smaller one and save money.
I know lots of lurkers, very few voters, and no other redditors. :(	Lies! Dresden Neustadt resident here
random number generator, basically like luck or chance	used in this context it simply means 'random'
That would be why this is posted.  Clearly they are giving thanks to the wrong place.  Haven't seen god doing very many crash studies or impact modeling.	In fact, God is the douche who made humanity so squishy.
hes currently one of the most wanted man by interpol. he let the torso rot in a big briefcase in montreal and sent a foot to a political party	He really doesn't like those conservatives
No, she chains her baby to the wall and uses it as a sex slave.	Such is life in Serbia.
They would have to run the queen though her blockage drills if they gave her an A1.	One would not like to use one's fingers on the cocking handle in the cold either.
SNOWBALL FIIIIIIIIIIIIIIGHT!!!!	SNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW
Gollum	I was thinking more luke skywalker. But I like yours better.
Sorry.  I've been busy finding new and creative ways to get a penis into a vagina.  	this is a large part of my life also. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: a specific penis though. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: also not any vagina whatsoever.
&gt;in which some people were Benders, but **you weren't**? newlinechar 	No deal...
Depends on the cat, mine is as dumb as a bag of hammers, but she can be cute and I guess that's all I really ask of her.	My cat too falls in the dumb as a bag of hammers group.
They work best under pressure! They'll have a few days to figure out how to make water before they die of thirst! Simple, see?	genius is 1% inspiration, 99% perspiration, and 0% respiration. newlinechar 
Suicide implies intent, he didn't intend to die, he intended to test himself. newlinechar  newlinechar Exactly the same as if David Blaine or Criss Angel told people not to help while attempting something ridiculous.	Someone obviously insane doing something obviously dangerous isn't quite the same thing as a professional trickster like David Blaine. If they did the same thing you would assume they had an antidote up their sleeve or something.
Prepare.....if it doesn't eventuate then we will be all happy, but if you don't  prepare And it happens, you will be fucked.	I admit I'm new to this... But what do you mean by prepare? For a novice in finance, how does one prepare for an event like this?  (looking for advice)
Damn, was hoping for Weston, CT	Weston, FL
*let me seduce you*	Wut
You and me both bro. You and me both. I'm 5'5' or something like that. 165CM. Sucks hard :/	Soooo.... how do my nuts smell?
That one with the pokeman, the pokeman. With the Poky, and the mon, and the thing with the aaah aaah aahh ahhh. (I can't write Cosby's ramblings well)	Cosby can't even write Cosby's ramblings well
Why did you separate them? Don't they only feed on the mothers milk at first?	I removed the sticks right after this, they were simply there to prevent the mom from escaping when I had to put the babies in the cage with her.
What's the card number and the CDC? I want to know if they're convenient, too. :D	Well the card number's certainly convenient, as I discovered one hungover morning when I had a confirmation email or two in my inbox... turned out I'd gone on steam the night before and made a variety of purchases without my consent.
Upvoted. People will call anything a machine gun these days. It's not a fucking machine gun! newlinechar  newlinechar To be especially pedantic, the rifle is the L85A2. SA80 is a series designation for a range of different weapons - Small Arms 80 ;)	Ah just said that up above; nothing wrong with being right and I'm sure people want to know what variant it is. 
I really don't understand how it was ever made. Someone had to say it was a good idea, and be willing to invest millions.	The only explanation that seemed even remotely feasible is that they honestly thought they were following a success formula set by Transformers.  80s toy.. explosions.. uhm.. yeah.
This pun thread is so much *fan*	I'm sorry but I fannot help you. 
ahh I have vague memories like that :)	Do you have an [ambien walrus](http://ambien.blogspot.com/2010/12/ambien-walrus-collection.html)? newlinechar 
The movie is Groundhog Day. I browsed through the top like 15 comments and it wasn't even mentioned.	The movie is Groundhog Day. I browsed through the top like 15 comments and it wasn't even mentioned.
I did. Post it wherever you please.	Yea this is about to be my wallpaper on my phone. Your awesome. Have an upvote.
I'm an English teacher in a middle school in Japan. This is our staff photo.	You look like a kid
http://forums.crackberry.com/blackberry-bold-9780-f219/fixed-my-white-screen-693450/ newlinechar  newlinechar this was my problem apparently its a common 9700 9780 problem with the lcd connection	Thank you for this, I actually have a friend of mine having this issue right now!
The reason there are invisible walls is because if they were not there the player would fall/glitch out of the world, adding invisible walls fixed a ton of problems. I learned this from a beta tester.	Then there's a problem with the devs, not the falling. (Assuming we're talking about FNV.) Seriously, that game is in a pitiful state of glitches.
Not so much shit my pants as go deaf. It's not scary or surprising, just irritating, especially since it drowns out all other noises.	Speak for yourself, I'm pretty sure I needed a change of pants the first few times a zombie came 'knocking' at my door. And it happens rarely enough for me that it still surprises/startles me.
well holidays are in one week :D	Just a little tip, If you're going for 99 woodcut with ivy, wear a rabbit foot necklace to increase nest drops. newlinechar  newlinechar I wore one while getting 99 woodcutting and I made a few mill from the nests/seeds.
Is this the toblerone mountain btw? Looks like it	Yes, Toblerone used the Mountain as Logo
Haha the bullshit spin is fucking hilarious. That was such a one sided article. 	Almost worthy of /r/nottheonion 
Althogh wall of zombies works just fine in inferno.	True, although that 25s cd is a beast.
Gotta have [the blimp] (http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-k1_xyFFC6Jw/TlGW7mhsa_I/AAAAAAAACkI/zMHc5f-j_Hw/s1600/work.5080187.2.flat%252C550x550%252C075%252Cf.blade-runner-blimp.jpg) too.	This is crucial! 
My bad. He actually landed on a four story building. what I said still applies.	So, only 49 stories down?  Meh, that's not *that* bad.
I wear cargo shorts and get blowjobs. maybe you should reassess your situation.	Fantastic turn of events. 
Alright seriously, let's get bacALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOFISH	Why can't you guys finish a god dALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOFISH
Going back over the 2004 season  newlinechar  newlinechar :') if only...	Going back over the 2000 season newlinechar Hoping we can see the same thing again. :D
She finally pooped.	http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-0KhRbSdEkuE/TymtgxJtcRI/AAAAAAAAArY/zGVzZt5dQ1w/s1600/so-much-win-starcraft-reaction.gif
Damn idiot.	It sucks. There is a time for pride and there is a time for gritting your teeth and accepting the money. If you're unable to attend school because you have to work two jobs, you probably need the money.
Wait, what is this new rule? I haven't heard about this	I'm guessing it's something along the lines of not saying the &lt;18's are attractive since some people interpret that as pedophilia.
hodor newlinechar  newlinechar (i'm sorry)	It is hodor-n
Karliah when will you learn you can't get the drop on me	Nice reference!
I would jump right on that if it wasn't for the $5 minimum when adding money to my steam wallet. newlinechar  newlinechar edit: I give in. I'll buy one and spend the rest during the summer sale.	you can just try and buy one without any funds in your steam wallet, and it'll add the exact amount you need
coughdominioncough	It's fast and It's fun
Ya looks like it's gonna be way cooler than normal tomorrow even without the rain. I'm making the executive decision and moving the meetup back to VC.	Would is be possible for you to call VC tomorrow and have a relatively large space reserved for us? I don't think they need that many hours notice.
Whatever. You'll be back as soon as you realise you don't have any friends anymore because you've been sucked into an internet black hole from which there is no savior. 	thats the spirit!
[Planet of the Apes](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0133152/) happened.	Yeah, that wasn't the greatest of films, but she was also in [The Cooler](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0318374/) which was pretty good. Her part, while small, was pretty good too. 
Sounds pretty fantastic, definitely gave me frisson, but I'll be damned if that wasn't the most obnoxiously smug video I have watched in weeks. newlinechar  newlinechar I can't help but hate that guy.	Yeah, his face really got on my nerves
What is best in life?	To crush your enemies, to see them driven before you, and to hear the lamentations of their organgutans.
Gorti's post is not his, he just linked to his own reply and not gorti's post as he should have.	Ah right, gotcha. No big deal then.
I...I know. I'm reminded at least once a week when I go out in public.	...well what were you doing out there in the first place?
Welcome to Reddit where all presentation is tainted. 	&gt;Welcome to Reddit ~~where all~~ present~~ation is~~ your taint~~ed.~~ newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY
It's not possible to get that speed. 100mbit translates to 12.5 megabytes per second as theoretical maximum. Once you take away overheads such as packet headers, you have a practical speed of about 11 megabytes per second.	There are apparently USB2 gigabit adapters. I'm guessing transfer speeds won't be awesome, perhaps even worse than using the built in LAN port, if you hook up both network and a harddrive to the USB2 host. It would be interesting to see the results though.
'SuperPoop says hi' newlinechar  newlinechar how cryptic ;)	let me change it, just say to him, 'stein auf'
I don't know why Microsoft doesn't publish torrents for these very large and probably popular downloads: newlinechar  newlinechar  * http://burnbit.com/torrent/203014/Windows8_ReleasePreview_32bit_English_iso newlinechar  * http://burnbit.com/torrent/203027/Windows8_ReleasePreview_64bit_English_iso newlinechar 	Because they would have to support them.
Tim and Eric. 	Awesome Show.
You work for a tabloid, right?	No I mainly play xbox all day. newlinechar  newlinechar I think I'm over qualified.
It's okay, they're coming round again.	Thank god. 
I guess the driver was *a sheep at the wheel.*   newlinechar  newlinechar Sorry.	Only by *shear* determination can these accidents be prevented.
It is so sad. I can't go a day without somebody commenting about be being a Nazi. Just because I am mostly German does mean shit! My grandfather fought for the USA in WWII, seriously people!	I'm also german, but I don't tell many people in case this happens.
We need some real life Boondock Saints.	We need a real pair of people to take it upon themselves to, in the absence of evidence or any sort of jury trial, begin exterminating whoever their personal (and religiously based) morality deems an appropriate target?
&gt;if it doesn't have a living room, there are probably a load of randoms living together who don't socialise/talk to each other. newlinechar  newlinechar This is incredibly important. Otherwise you're only going to see other people when you both want to use the kitchen. newlinechar 	Thanks for the advices! I hadn't thought about the living room, but it makes a lot of sense. newlinechar About the money up front, don't you always have to pay a security deposit or something?
How much will this 'Selection' cost?	I'm guessing that's the catch
Jacques, the son; not Gilles, his father, whom is referred to in the segment.	Yes, Gilles was not racing in the 90's, being dead and all.
Well this guy thinks its pretty bad ass. Solid drums!	Thanks man!
I don't care what variation you or anyone else uses I will always downvote this joke.....always. newlinechar 	He's aiming for downvotes. That's what drives him.
Delivered, check my replies!!!	That's pretty cool man, I live near a few old bunkers on beaches but they're all used as junky hangouts -.- 
basically all of august every year in france there's shooting stars every night.	Fuck you, France, for having better everything. newlinechar  newlinechar --Sincerely, An American Peasant
I like you.	Giggidy. :)
You have no idea what cyberpunk is.	And if this *was* cyberpunk Bioshock, I would be positively giddy.
So brave.	lemmewinks? The old class gerbil?
It's the feeling you get when you realized you missed out on a chance to see M.D.C play with Subhumans in buffalo NY.	It was a pretty awesome show
Shhhh, it's just a gonnorhea nodule. 	God... I need brainbleach now.
Ch ch ch changes. 	Time to face the strange.
if i remember correctly, 'that chick' is super hard to work with so they booted her from the show since she's such a mean person.	You have an incredibly gracious way of speaking compared to most!
A great emergency pick-me-up. I like it.	They should start playing this whenever someone threatens suicide. Either they start laughing their ass off or they hear two words and get it over with.
Because they are both pictures of Paul McCartney.	Indeed they are. Crop [the left one](http://i.imgur.com/AGs98.png) out, plug it into Google image search and [voil](http://my.opera.com/Igor-Contrabas/albums/slideshow/?album=2613631), Daghronian is a big fat liar.
People taking up the whole trail annoys me but it gives me a chance to be a little silly and say 'beep beep'. This helps me stay sane.	I do the **'yip yip'**. newlinechar A little silliness along the way to take the road rage away :)
Queenslander here, and I've never seen Fosters anywhere, ever.	oh!! That's right. It was XXXX! I went to Cairns for work once, and we had XXXX at a pub. newlinechar  newlinechar Blew my mind.
Though the final episode is one of the best series finales of all time, so it makes up for it.	Came here to say that exact thing
i for one am really happy about this by the way	Indeed.  It is quite a tight butt hole
You don't have to have the queen as your head of state to be in the commonwealth.	The only way it would be accepted is if the British Commonwealth ultimately ceded power to the US.  There is no way it would ever happen in any other situation.
Yeah, I guess it doesn't really matter; it's going to happen anyway. I still think you're trolling though.	i'm not trolling?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daredevil_%28Marvel_Comics%29	[Daredevil](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0287978/); terningkast 1.
Maybe OP is 14. I've seen a lot of them around here lately.	LOOK EVERYONE YOUNG PEOPLE ARE ON THE INTERNET. GET YER PITCHFORKS OUT.
Is this true? And if so, are there other foods with the same effect?	I did this last night and got beyond fucked up. Another weed-enhancer id recomend is melatonin. Take some about 20 min before smoking and you get almost a dissociative kinda high from the weed
Especially mine.	I wish your username would be Kinky_Dave_the_Giant. :-(
Wait, you give Britain credit for the people that populated the isles in pre-Roman times, but no mention of American Indians?  America 'began' when white people arrived?	he is talking about history, not archeology. obviously Native Americans inhabited the Americas just as people have inhabited the isles for 10s of thousands of years.
Yep, and then Han Solo hated his own children for awhile because Chewy died saving them.	what a scoundrel
Like [this?](http://i.imgur.com/IIpna.jpg)	Yes! Thanks very much. It is very adorable.
Didn't GGG say they would like any wikis to be held off until beta is over? I could be wrong, but I recall that's why a wiki hasn't been created yet.	They have in the past but I have addressed two of the GGG staff members and they were on board with the idea so we're in the clear (:
Yeah, those poor bastards getting out in the sun, smiling at beautiful girls and swimming around in the ocean/sea.  If only they stopped enjoying life they could be pale and young looking forever.	No it's those poor bastards who practically live their lives in a tanning booth and those who just sit at the beach to tan.  That's not enjoying life in my book.
Excellent! As I don't go into Milwaukee all to often, is there anywhere close with meter parking or something?	There's a big ramp at the corner of Water &amp; Wisconsin. Otherwise, the Grand Avenue Mall isn't far from there.
Awesome!  One tiny critique? Unless it's at the beginning of a sentence, atheism isn't capitalized.  :)	Yeah wasn't sure so I just capitalized.
price is FIRM!	no lowballs
Pic plz?	I stalked him and found it. newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/CQ9Ns.jpg newlinechar  newlinechar I'm adding a mustache. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: http://h.dropcanvas.com/gy1la/youaquestion.png
Edit: Ideally what turns other women on is what turns you on as well. There are some staples: firemen, cops, soldiers, cowboys.   	&gt; There are some staples: firemen, cops, soldiers, cowboys.  newlinechar  newlinechar and there was me thinking computer programmer was one of them.
You talk like a fag and your shit is all retarded [](/harpdarp)	You got downsymptoms or somethinh?
Nope, we just don't often post about how liked and well-adjusted we were. Not enough karma in that business	There's plenty of Karma in it but it's usually of the Negative variety.
Dat new mobo smell.	dat new part smell*
Isn't that a false dichotomy?  There are ethically mined diamonds, after all.	once they are cut and polished, it is damm near imposable to tell.
But aren't all the Tehaus on Tahiti, not Samoa?	The Samoans are rubbing it in.
And how do you know what plans Z0bie has? I heard he will send people to Titan by the end of the year. He's already drawn the spaceship in paint, and enlisted his mother to bake cookies for the trip. So, *you* shut up!	lmao! 
Oh, huh, good thing I asked, because I didn't know that! I always thought the HA helped *everyone* with landlord conflicts. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Yeah, try the district magistrate's office.  They usually handle property complaints, I believe.
The very first thing I saw in Day Z was a boar, which I killed.   newlinechar The next thing I saw were zombies, which killed me.	It's the CIIIIIIIIIIIIRCLE of liiiiiife!
And every so often the Anus decides to take a steaming pile of shit on society's nice fresh lawn (Oprah, Rick Ashley etc..).	I'm in the middle of re-reading V For Vendetta. I know what the Eye, the Ear, the Nose, the Mouth and the Finger do. I'm curious as to what the Anus does in the NorseFire government...
Hey man that's a lot of newlines you got there, your motherboard might be dead!	Rookie mistake. Clearly were dealing with a virus AND a motherboard failure here.
I'm not OP, but I would like to request a Dickensian pickpocket AMA.  Bet you that one hasn't been done. newlinechar  newlinechar I'll accept both orphaned waifs and artful dodgers.	Up vote for artful dodger
It's the return of Ceiling Cat.	I bet he wasn't 'cooking'.  Ceiling cat does not watch people 'cook'.
Never the only fan.  But now I really want to go read Taggerung. 	Mossflower was my personal favorite. 
God dammit, James. No one gives a shit what you found on Reddit!	Shut the fuck up, Hedgehog! Your opinion doesn't matter.
[](/celestia 'Now go incinerate it.')	[](/lunasad 'She made fun of me for being an orphan, which made no sense at all.  Also, there was cake, but she ate it all.') If I'd only known 'the moon' was a euphemism for 'test chamber'.
Wait is the guy who then was mailing body parts to government parties? 	Yes
A slithery little snake.	I'm not going to click that but I assume it's the guys with the snake hat saying he is a slithery snake?  newlinechar  newlinechar I'm a sthnaaaaakeeee.
This is why we can't have nice things.	Yeah, I guess I went too far. My bad &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232; at self
Surrey in Canada must be different to Surrey in England. 	It is. I live in Surrey and although I love it here most people around my age (17-25) are just awful.
you said what I was trying to say much more concisely...	Also: newlinechar  newlinechar 1. Be attractive. newlinechar 2. Don't be unattractive.
Where is the new Chicago Gyros place? I was never a student at UC, but my girlfriend lived in Clifton when finishing her Master's, we would eat there at least once a week. Who doesn't love heaping portions of spiced meat.	Oh well its right across the street. There used to be a bank there. They bought that building and are moving in within the next month. 
&gt;AC3: No. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=McAeQiLmEYU	I'm going to buy it, but I'm not actively keeping track of it.
Is it something he should definitely do or is there a way for me to do it?  newlinechar  newlinechar Also, Happy Cake Day! :)	Thanks haha, he should probably do it. It most likely requires removing the palmrest and keyboard, and you'd be touching the motherboard so you'd need to be careful not to cause static shock or damage the board
Fair enough, got no notification about a repost when I posted it, must have been from another URL. newlinechar  newlinechar Here is a picture of a cat with cardboard wings as a apology. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.roflzoo.com/pics/201111/cardboard-plane-cat.jpg	A worthy transaction
Thank you, it is really a fantastic thing to be free, congrats on starting the journey yourself!	Thank you! :)
Stylus rumble pak :O	That sounds terrible
That's an interesting point. If we assume Black Hat to have a personality that is continuous with that displayed in other comics, he would certainly seem more likely to kill Hitler moments before his suicide *on purpose* than to do it out of ignorance. 	It's more apathy in this case. He didn't really seem to care.
They're gonna love and tolerate the shit out of him. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar [](/c07)  newlinechar  newlinechar 	Worst they could do to him, would be baking cupcakes with him. newlinechar [](/ppboring)
I've thought about that too. I can just imagine the puzzled looks on their faces	And as someone who has read the book and watched SAC. I would say well done sir, Well done.
i just wish bullet deviation wasn't as drastic newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: i'm only a little retarded	I think you accidentally a word there, buddy. 
I don't even...	With a name like that, I'm not surprised.
They are so young, you have to give them space or else they will end up like Lindsay Lohan and the Olsen twins.	It's a good thing, too. Just imagine, Maisie would end up like Lindsay Lohan et al. Would be just heartbreaking.
The fuck is td:lr? Too dumb:looks rong?	Aww, give the guy a break. He didn't mean to mess up ;/
The grammar made my eye go all twitchy.	made your eye go all, twitchy did it?
When a wolf clamps its jaws down on its prey, you don't think it's going to thrash for at least a few seconds to try to get free again so it *can* run away?	Touch, I did not think of that. newlinechar  newlinechar 
_ ... you're kinda going over the top here, dude.	He's that loud person at the climbing gym... The one who packs with the other loud people and makes sure that everyone else can hear their conversations.
The only way this would be different than just putting it on a credit card is that eventually you will stop paying for it on the credit card and own it. 	There's another difference. Supposedly you don't buy it but lease it; you'd get the newest versions as soon as they became available... cs6, cs7, cs8... etcetera.
Es nuestro chingon	yo deseo pero soy de EEUU. Es tu chingon. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: y no soy mexicano haha
If she's contracted to 40 hours but they're not paying her for that then they're breaking the law. I'd go to Citizens Advice or speak to a Union rep if she's in one.	I don't think there is a McDonald's union. Citizen's Advice it is. newlinechar  newlinechar (Under the category of 'conspiracy theories that might actually be true', you'll find 'McDonald's fires anyone who tries to set up a union'.)
It's much easier to hit people with a Loch than it is with a Direct Hit.	Disagree. If you're in a long-ish hallways with low ceilings and Loch you can't get a hit in. Just can't arc that shit.
If the update doesn't include beds i'm going to flip the fuck out.	I second this comment.
It's the West Virginians flying the Confederate flags that *really* throw me for a loop.	wow really? at least there you know it can't be sudo history bullshit and it's just 100% pure racism
Good work, Anonymous! But seriously, is someone surprised?	Those who are not awake. Right now no action is being taken, just doxing and blowing whistles. Much like Occupy the point is to let people see the deception, the lies, the truth, the cage, and nature of the trap they are in. Only then will they wake up.
I always say that if it's a matter of life and death, I'll eat the animal.  Otherwise, no.	What if the animal was another person?
You use a bot to get gold, then you buy items in the gold AH, and then you sell that item at the RMAH. See the HUGE problem?	You can also just sell the gold straight out on the RMAH, in case there are no good items on the gold AH.
I am no expert on the Hindu faith, but aren't the different gods of the Trimurti just aspects of each other? Brahma becomes Vishnu becomes Shiva?  newlinechar  newlinechar If that is the case then Auri-el, Akatosh, and Alduin fit nicely.	Eh, the regional practices and variants of Hindu worship practices make it so that the Shiva-Vishnu-Brahma Trimurti function very differently for different people.
God, why does he keep getting into these marathon matches. I wonder what his 5-set record is. 	yeah remember his opening match with nadal last year? epic
If you want to give it one last shot, instead of asking her what she's doing that weekend, ask her when she *is* free to do something. If you don't get anywhere with that, you know for sure she's not interested.	Nice, that would take the pressure off me as well. I think I'll end up doing that. 
*'murrica.* newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 	*Loozeeana*
First time ever that I'm glad my iPad won't play flash!	Same here, but the curiosity is killing me. 
you already contacted the police	lol
He was pointing out your mistake with humor, buddy. :)	The joke was as pedantic as the correction.
http://tappedout.net/mtg-decks/poor-mans-mono-green/	&gt;4x Favor of the Woods newlinechar  newlinechar You can't possibly be that poor.
Would be a very bad thing in my case, seeing as our cat is outdoors for at least half the day in a nature environment with other animals and cats that he regularly fights with.	My cat's claws are freakishly long. We have to clip them every so often becuase she keeps trying to kill the cat next door. She legitimately almost ripped the poor thing's eyes out, and it's now on anti-depressants. I feel so bad.
I thought you meant the comic book store at first, and was really confused about when they started selling wine there, and also thought it was an odd choice of product to sell.	The Grape Escape is an even stranger name for a comic book store than a wine festival.
You can, just make sure you don't put it on to hot or you will get curved shoes...	Curved. Shoes.
I assume she is just pretending for the camera as hosts of many other similar shows do.	Dude she was pretty much crying by the end.
Are you using an emote I can't see? Or are you just leaving it blank./	Yep. 
It was just 2 deepness levels left before going into Limbo!	Lady Gaga's apprentice has revealed himself, soon the prophecy will be fulfilled
Freenode doesn't offer +x, but snoonet does :)	Not a freenode fan personally, bit then again I'm already on 5 IRC networks snoonet might be a bit overkill :P
Not quite in the erotica genre, wouldn't you say?	Maybe not for you.
I'm unfortunately not a sir, but thank you.	'wait, she's not a sir! DOWNVOTE!'
It really is. If I'm telling someone about it I have to say 'codecademy.com.. remove the first 'a' in the word academy..'.	Maybe they're business model fall back is COD E-Cademy. Pew pew pew.
I thought it was cliched to be honest. But you cannot impress everyone i guess.	I cant think of a better alternative genre for it. Rock, techno, etc just wouldn't fit. 
I'll take last gen graphics and good gameplay over next gen graphics and COD gameplay anyday	I don't see how using 'next gen' graphics would necessitate bad gameplay? You can absolutely have both. They probably just didn't have the budget for it.
Read my comment again, but do it with a sarcastic tone.	It still makes sense without the sarcasm man. newlinechar  newlinechar 'Tehau passes to Tehau who passes to Tehau who crosses...and it's Tehau with the header! Goal by Tehau and he runs over to Tehau and Tehau to celebrate.'
Who down-votes a rifle match?	The Few. The Unproud.  newlinechar  newlinechar *The Butthurt.*
It's not so much the novelty accounts that I'm criticizing, it's the 'rule of the masses' mentality. Moderators should regulate good and bad content to some degree.	But 'good' and 'bad' can be so subjective. I think that's what mod outrage is about most of the time, that they're 'regulating' content that just doesn't need to be messed with. Like that AMA post being removed drama over in /r/askreddit right now.
Wouldn't playing alone prevent this from happening?	He means that even if Glasses had killed him, excellentlisteners three well-armed buddies standing close by would have taken care of glasses and guarded his stuff until they could get it back to him.
Dazzle staff: Times saved an ally or self from death using Shallow Grave	I like this one! Windrunner could get one for number of successful shackles.
THROUGH THE MOUNTAINS	SECRET SECRET SECRET SPIRIT WORLD!!!!!
Legitimately spent twenty minutes trying to remember what shiperworm was a reference to...	i spent 20 seconds googling it and that raised more questions then it answered and im more confused than ever before. newlinechar 
[Then there's this.](http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m4uiyemnc51r14k24.png)	Those things were annoying as hell in Twilight Princess.
i remember hearing about something like getting skins of the origional vault hunters, like if your Salvador, you get Bricks skin, or Liliths with Maya and so on, sounds pretty cool, but i think it would also be neat to play as their classes too instead of just skins	I disagree. New game, new characters. Why would I want to play as the same characters from BL1? I have spent enough time with these characters and GB is going to include them as NPCs in BL2 anyhow...
The church of England didn't want to put up with their nonsense.	It was pretty messed up.  Australia only got criminals, We got criminals and puritans.  newlinechar  newlinechar I guess Australia had first pick.
Go pay it then. Go get $50,000 and hire a mercenary band to go slaughter the village. I bet you could do it. Really.	Eh, you could probably do it for less. Some bargaining goes a long way!
Lately?	Agreed, they are old hats at this.  
http://i.imgur.com/eXhxP.gif	Well I'll be using that again.
Clearly you haven't read their [FAQ](http://mars-one.com/faq-en/19-faq-health/231-is-this-ethical)! newlinechar  newlinechar The link specifically answers your question. newlinechar 	That page is so full of shit it hurts to read it.
If you talk to people, they won't leave.	still need friends for that :I
Vilket lands flagga r det du har dr?	Jmtland.
We were a bit worried that since she was dumped so soon, she might haven't gotten to feed from mother first, which is vital to any mammal's survival. Luckily, it seems she has, and now we're just trying to get all the fleas off her. 	Bathe her with Dawn dish soap...  It will kill most of the fleas, and you probably already have it lying around the kitchen anyway.
I seem to be severely outnumbered here, but I say Moriarty.	Just finished Season 2 - Moriarty is a badass.
ALL YOU HAD TO DO WAS FOLLOW THE DAMN TRAIN, CJ!	*OG LOC BABY OG LOC*
Oh pipe down, you!	look bud, this entire conversation stems from a joint effort to ignite a resinal debate on life and the real resin for living.
Alligators. Much better than Raptors.	Raptors, much better than being raped.
I am an entirely different person and ThePhenix's statement is very true, just like Positronix's.	I'm an alt of bingblonde. I'm also Positronix and ThePhenix.
But it's the rainfall I love the most :(	Too bad it sounds like the sky is falling down, it's more appropriate for very bad weather. Here, take this [](/cat_red)
Maybe Rhodes to replace Holt? Might be a bit of a gamble but they seem similar players.  Would be good for Rhodes anyway, and I want to see him develop.	We will probably just start with Vaughan / Morison.
Actually it would	Don't be full of shit.
Here you [go](http://i.imgur.com/YmWnh.jpg). Had this guy for 2 years at least now.	wow - that's awesome. thanks a bunch :D Now I have a new wallpaper newlinechar  newlinechar Just curious btw: did you make it?
Nah. I have a 1988 Chevy S10 that has had hardly anything fixed on it ever and runs like a fucking champ. But we were talking about soccer.	His reasoning for Chevy = Shit is that Chevy over here are rebadged Daewoo cars.
Or even simpler, just group the tracks and apply the effect to the group. 	Less flexible, he could already have groups, and you can't group groups in Live. newlinechar  newlinechar Plus I think return tracks look a lot nicer.
That is pretty sweet.  I have a clock like that (grunge clock) but what are you using on the right side? (I am super new to rainmeter so if thats some stock or common plugins/skins, I don't recognize them)	From top to bottom: LEXIS Calendar, Enigma Sidebar Network, Enigma Sidebar System and LEXIS Weather. They have all been custom recoloured to match the Hulk wallpaper.
I had no problem with that. It was the fact that we were 8 years old and she treated us like we were paid actors on the set of Star Wars. 	Take solace in the fact that, since she's perhaps a dozen years older than you (at least), she will die first.
So its like 4chan lite?	The origins of 4chan. The /b/eginning.
http://i.imgur.com/XJyGY.gif newlinechar 	This GIF never gets old.
Sometimes I wish Peter was a bit nicer to Travis...their relationship reminds me of some cartoon pair that I can't quite remember, but it always makes me feel a little bad to watch Peter disregard him constantly :-\ newlinechar Great interview, but now I'm hungry!	I think it has a lot to do with doublelift feeling it's a bit awkward to show a lot of emotions on camera for the whole world to see. I'm not gonna pretend like I now how he is to Travis when the cameras are turned off.
So how do you move around, use a mouse, and masturbate at the same time?	Well I'm not that good at the game! I'll take a break from the game if the need to masturbate arises. You know, you got to take the time for a bit of you time during all that adventuring.
/r/KarmaConspiracy	Ctrl+F KarmaConspiracy. Found you. Have an upvote.
Yup, I concur.	     newlinechar      newlinechar   _  
Indeed. Are you going to any cons this year?	Seems not, alas! Yourself? :3
Jeg har som sdan ikke noget imod socialdemokraterne, men jeg kan umiddelbart ikke se nogen grund til at stemme p dem, s hellere R eller SF.	Hvad er det for nogle socialdemokrater der er forbi og bare generelt downvoter alt hvad der ikke lovpriser Helle?
Until the whole world is blind.	Make enough people blind and maybe the rest will stop doing stupid shit. 
Drowning several *living* creatures because you can't be bothered to find homes for them is considered what then?  Killing is killing.  There is a reason so many serial killers started their careers off by torturing and killing animals.	Yes killing is killing, but murder has a specific definition: killing another *human being*.  Look it up in any dictionary.  I'm not saying anything regarding the morality of the act, just the accuracy of the text.
And I eructated.	I read that as 'And I ejaculated' newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: I think this means I've had enough reddit for the day...
I wouldn't be surprised if either a: someone lives in this hole, and I got lucky and found it unoccupied, or b: it's a junky tavern. 	Yeah, there's a pretty notorious one where near me that always has a mattress and a few porn mags and needles lying around... Loved that place as a kid too :(
We need a real pair of people to take it upon themselves to, in the absence of evidence or any sort of jury trial, begin exterminating whoever their personal (and religiously based) morality deems an appropriate target?	Glad you agree. 
When they say 'mature', I think of Republic Commando or Dark Forces...if it's in the same tone as those two games...count me in. I'm still holding my breath as LA has let me down a number of times...and I agree this should have been Battlefront 3.	It sounds like Hitman:Coruscant
Well the card number's certainly convenient, as I discovered one hungover morning when I had a confirmation email or two in my inbox... turned out I'd gone on steam the night before and made a variety of purchases without my consent.	Did you buy anything that turned out to be good?
probably the same as he did on cold wednesday nights in Rennes or Troyes	Different style of football. Stoke (and english football in general) is much more physical, fast paced, less time on the ball, not to mention English weather is much, much shitter. 
Nah, you have to fall at least an inch to break your legs, that's smooth ground.	What about the time my friend was crawling over a flat rock face and it ate him? I don't trust it.
oooooold	25/5/2012 is oooooold?  newlinechar I guess in internet time it is...?
I totally agree, it's disgusting to see bits of code being made proprietary in the same way bits of math can be. It's bad for innovation, especially when the code is an obvious solution to a common problem.	You know what made me want to kill people... When I somewhere read someone wanting to patent gene-sequences. Really, I'm watching Doctor Who now and it so perfectly displays the Earth and humans: Huge potential but stuck in a loop of selfishness and conflict.
It is. I live in Surrey and although I love it here most people around my age (17-25) are just awful.	So, Surrey, Canada = Chesterfield, England? Sounds about right. Except that Chesterfield isn't productive enough for Anarchy. 
Did you even read his fucking comment? 	Always got my back Sev, lol
[They are finger lights](http://www.amazon.com/40-Super-Bright-Finger-Flashlights/dp/B0018LAGZY)	Wow. $8.43 for 40... now that's a bargain. How easy do they install?
Meh, this really isn't anything new. Just posing a picture of someone ugly and saying it is one of the archies. Poor effort, needs work.	And it isn't clever at all, it is not even funny. It is pretty idiotic really.
Seriously what is the deal with the 4am hairdressers?	you wake up, you have bed head, what are you gonna do?
That episode was voted best of the series according to Wikipedia. Also TIL Tim Curry was almost the voice of Joker.	reportedly he didn't get the role because he was too creepy. No one will ever top Hamill but I have to admit I'm curious. 
[4walled](http://4walled.cc/search.php?tags=killzone&amp;board=&amp;width_aspect=&amp;searchstyle=larger&amp;sfw=&amp;search=search) probably has some epic ones.	THANK YOU
I have low standards and loose morals. No woman is too fat for me.	&gt; I have ~~low~~ **no** standards and ~~loose~~ **no** morals.
*PENGUINOCIDE!!!*	[Wah Wah Wah!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xd7AC4S0NnU)
Yes, you do.	Cool, thanks.
[Relevant comic](http://fav.me/d3hnura)	The next day... newlinechar [](/sp) newlinechar [](/ajhappy) Git outta the way you slopoke! newlinechar [](/sp) newlinechar [](/rcelestiamad) WHY YOU LITTLE... [](/celestia-in) 'Sigh' Never mind. newlinechar [](/sp) newlinechar [](/ajsup) [Just try... you'll only get tired.](http://img.ponibooru.org/_images/1219a41aa0db7eb263cac385a08d9b80/11408%20-%20applejack%20applestare%20Cardboard_cutout%20truck%20twilight_sparkle.png)
We get you on point differential!	I have no clever retort. You win this round!
Except for the little patch that's cleared for your kicker....	Hey, we wouldn't get the Lannister comparison if the rules didn't bend our way sometimes. 
I managed to read the two comics back to back from my RSS reader. newlinechar  newlinechar  It was pretty fucking freaky.	BHG actually caused the Scratch by altering history and creating a new timeline.
FOR EVERY EXCLAMATION POINT I WILL REMOVE ONE MYSELF FROM A GIRL'S FRIENDZONE	!
You do know that you don't get to come back?	I'm more than willing to kiss this rock goodbye.  Good riddance, I say.
'wait, she's not a sir! DOWNVOTE!'	[Wait, what?](http://i.imgur.com/OelVq.gif)
I would think that taking the rhombus would make one late for work.	touche..
Keep it clean.	This. That thing is immaculate.
SO METAL AND RAW BRO I COULDN'T STOP IMAGINING GUITAR RIFFS THE ENTIRE TIME WHILE READING IT newlinechar  newlinechar edit: IM NAMING MY BAND 'THE DISEMBOWELING ONE'	DOT TUMBLR DOT COM
I'm not so sure if I would agree with that, because you can also just call it 'marketing'.	Deliberate distortion of trade to the benefit of local producers over foreign is by definition protectionism. Just because marketing does it, doesn't mean it doesn't draw on protectionist sentiment.
Sure, *slightly*. 	You have no idea how tempted I was to respond to: newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;from New Zealand, imagine how I feel newlinechar  newlinechar With 'slightly wooly?' 
Le reLEvant username! Le Upvoted.	Relevant comment! 
I know ;) I'm passing the torch to let someone else become full fledged! 	&gt;I know ;) I'm passing the torch to let someone else become **fully** fledged! newlinechar  newlinechar **FTFY** :D
I usually don't focus on form or where my feet strike, but I do focus on keep an up-tempo stride frequency. At higher speeds, form tends to snap into a more efficient shape anyhow, so it's usually not an issue.	i second this, if being lazy and slow my form and joints suffer. If i am up tempo, not necessary fast, then form improves with it.
Right on. What make of press is that?	It's a Harco 6-color, 4-station.
http://xhamster.com/movies/789104/inga_ridere.html	Private Gold 38 - Network
I don't care one way or the other, I just thought that would be funny. 	It was.
you mean that website that still exists?	I used to visit it. I still do, but I used to, too.
How can you even smell us with all of that junk up your nose? ;P newlinechar  newlinechar I've seen some pretty scary nostrils...	Holycrap how did you get in here?!
Yes saar It is rally goou to tok to yuo to.	sar as i'm going out of my station piss to llet me know if u gius need my kamra.
Yep, that's where I live. Central isn't that bad, but east is awful	I feel ya man, I used to live in Tejas. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm pretty proud that I guessed that though. Lol could have been anywhere in the world. newlinechar  newlinechar Just head north to CO!! newlinechar  newlinechar :)
You just don't understand, playing games leads to overall improved quality of life! 	reddit the game newlinechar  newlinechar white knights v shit wizards
What a hero. I was watching TV when she came on the other night and I switched away thinking that I'd rather stare at a wall that sit through Brendan O'Connor interviewing a desperate housewife. Fair play to that guy for making it entertaining for anyone who sat through it.	How the hell did he time that? Do the audience on the Saturday show have live feed monitors? I can't see why the floor manager would allow that, as it would lead to all sorts of highjinks like this. A hero, indeed.
It's Icelandic krna, the national currency of Iceland.	Oh, that explains everything. 
The smallest minorities are the ones that need the most protection.	Sounds profound, but I think that's bullshit.
Love how he pulled out his defibs to revive the chopper.	and he succeeded! chopper back to full health.
Do not understand the last sentence, but I am so jealous that you have contact with one of the developers!	can't take pic because that conversation lasted a little. Then we talked about something else MCPE wouldn't like
Wow. I can't believe this is a thing. It's like they invented a band and started touring around cause someone thought of a dick joke. 	Buddy you are in for a treat. Check the rest of their feel the steel album
its full	I just choked on a bagel because of this. Haha!
A hint please? KAL  Hmmm, the picture is all I can go on: newlinechar  newlinechar Knitters Attempt Lace?	Knit Along.  Yes, it's a terrible abbreviation.
Also from Wayland, but graduated 2 years ago. How's the new school?	Graduating this year. It's nice, but very clean and weird. 
He was my favourite character in Pulp Fiction. Which is literally the best film ever with a rape scene ever seen in my life. 	The most successful film which features Bruce Willis as a boxer ever.
My bet for most eccentric writer is [this guy.] (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henry_Darger)	yep, no doubt about this one  newlinechar  newlinechar 
It's telling that he had lions emblazoned on his breastplate and not stags.	I think it's was supposed to be a lion and a stag combatant.
again? obligatory comment: the lack of ramires hurts	I've downvoted this as a result, Ramires has been our best player since he joined the club, he's so consistent. Would be the first name on the teamsheet from me.
You are brilliant. 	Yeah, much better than [POSTS_IN_BABYTALK](http://www.reddit.com/user/poSTS_IN_BABYTALk)
You got insurance? 'Cause if you do, you could always use a little more!	Ned Ryerson; I dated your sister Mary-Pat until you told me not to anymore.
You can't get flash before Cerulean City. You have to go through Diglet Cave to get Flash which takes you from Vermilion City to the route next to Pewter City.	Ah, I suppose you're right. It was the fact that you ended up near Pewter that threw me off. But nonetheless, when I needed it in Rock Tunnel, I had missed it. I could've had a V8.
I wonder what sort of sound engine changes C418 wants implemented.	There was an interview with him on the THE SHAFT podcast. I'll try to find it when I'm back home. 
My goal, too have the most fun I've ever had in my life. (Last year was the most fun I've ever had I plan on beating it this year) newlinechar  newlinechar Oh and bang this one girl I've been talking to that's also going.	Shoot for the first night! After a day, everyone starts to get filthyy
shhh we don't talk about west Texas, we only talk about Austin,tx. Where dreams are born, Obama gets full support, Ron Paul runs wild, and Darwin is on the University of Texas seal...Bush was never from Texas...Bush was never from Texas...Bush was never from Texas...oh god why ;___;	Sir, I am from Austin and I can confidently say that if you don't like the rest of Texas, then you don't like Texas. You can't have just Austin. You gotta take the good with the great.
Holy balls, how hadn't I heard of that?! newlinechar  newlinechar [Guys, this is what he's talking about](http://www.ska.ac.za/) newlinechar  newlinechar And [these are some of the things it will be capable of](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Square_Kilometre_Array#Key_projects) newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 	Haha and here I was thinking every single internet dweller knew about the SKA. I've been looking forward to the outcome of the bid for what feels like ages!
 The Squire Classic Vibe series are the best sounding cheap guitars I've ever played. The pine Tele is killer but it costs about $379, which is a bit more than you want to pay.	Don't get a squire affinity, though. total crap.
are you a twink?	also, reverse searching your SN to see if you had pics posted led me to lolgrindr. thank you sir. 
This is important to your lategame success.	Just don't play a monk.
Doki announced the release date of the full Tomoyo After English patch as 7/20, just short of a year after their original estimation.	Fantastic, I was afraid this was never going to get translated.
This feels kind of sexual. Talk dirty to me, PowahDrilluh...	Use me like one of your french worktools!
[reaction after guesstimation](http://imgur.com/99whh)	Above the weight limit? I've never been in an elevator in Australia where everyone has exceeded the weight limit. But yeah as a fatty...I check it too lol. 
Post a link to the stream if you wanne make a reddit post ...  newlinechar =&gt; http://www.own3d.tv/PhantomL0rd/live/72641	PhantomL0rd redirects, but ya I'll edit it for Destiny.
You're a perfect example of the Republican brain turning fertilized eggs into a human being.	They always jump in to confirm it.
Is this still available? Here's a link to my thriller short: newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.amazon.com/dp/B007XOE3XG/ newlinechar  newlinechar Cheers!	Bam! Arbiter downloaded.
What's this 'purchasing power' you're talking about?	sorry - voting with your money to shop ethically and support your local producers. newlinechar  newlinechar 
Not sure if I agree. I shall return upon fapping on it.	Still gone?  What stamina!
I'm not understanding all the hate, these guys were *awesome*!	Clemens is the epitome of an embarrassment to baseball. I actually do not dislike Boone as much because he is great on ESPN.  In many ways, I hate the Rays more then the Yankees
What if the animal was another person?	Sorry Frank. I won the coin toss. 
It's mein kamf	Mein Kampf*
Mythbusters did something like this, without the homeless person.	Also, the myth was busted.
Don't tell me what to do.	bet you did anyways tho. newlinechar amirite?
If you can make a living of it, you are pro... It's not only about skill. newlinechar Anyway he doesn't truly believe he is the best player in the world, like he always says. He is just an entertainer.	I don't even think he believes he is a professional player. More of a pro entertainer or commenter.
&gt;This was more of a 'look at how shitty this is' kind of post. newlinechar  newlinechar That's not what this subreddit is for though	Exactly, removed.
This is correct.  Any weapon with a chargeable shot (GPS, Graal, Kishock, Krysae) can cause spontaneous de-cloaking.  There is no way that I have found to remedy the situation; so be careful when using the Krysae, you may not always be cloaked.	Wait Krysae is a charge weapon now? I did not notice that when taking it for a spin on my friends console...
Are you sure hes got one?!	I told them we already have one!
Ugh, I really hope it's not true. I can't really imagine how it would benefit the end user. Thoughts?	see last paragraph. i completely agree with it's wording.
You think it wouldn't get out why the assembly had been called? 	Point well taken. 
see that long-border try to boardslide a flat handrail out of a kicker? haha fucking hilarious!	Want to see a boardslide on a longboard work? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ms75z9Y5HlE&amp;feature=related 
Oops, I forgot that we did that one too. I did face up. Girl, apparently....so I guess it is still a hermaphordite or b/g twins that were missed on my ultrasound. Hehehe....	Haha. newlinechar  newlinechar My SO's uncle said to me 'Twins is it?' I turned around and went 'Not unless modern science has failed us or the sonographer couldn't do her job properly.' Cue my SO rapidly chaning the subject :)
Guy here, is trimming pit hair a thing now? I've been debating adding that to my manscaping.	One woman's opinion: armpit hair should not stick out the side of the armpit.
I thought it was because the window was bending under some force. And furthermore nobody's going to take the time to CGI something like that.	I assume that warping is caused by the plastic window as well.  newlinechar 
this might be a bit stupid but i assume you can pause it ?	Generally, rendering can be paused and resumed at any moment (remember to hibernate, not shutdown your computer). I don't know whether Chunky can do this.
Hey, KOTOR 2 was made by Obsidian, not Bioware... Same guys who brought you other jewels like NWN2 and Fallout New Vegas (actually, that one wasn't THAT bad).  Three of the least satisfying hackjob game endings I can think of offhand...	I actually liked KOTOR2 (except the ending) and FONV. It just wouldn't surprise me if they did the same type of thing KOTOR2 did for the ending. 
You..don't actually have to cite your sources here. This is Reddit.	It does it automatically when I copy in the Kindle app. If I had to do it manually, I wouldn't bother.
He means that even if Glasses had killed him, excellentlisteners three well-armed buddies standing close by would have taken care of glasses and guarded his stuff until they could get it back to him.	Yup, exactly right. Revenge and no ill effects (except loss of stats, but who cares).
Well, you could start with the nuts undone and the front wheel just resting in the dropouts, then get a bit of speed, go into a wheelie, overtake your rolling front wheel, and pick it up as you go past.	Sounds like that might just be mad enough to work. 
It's a good thing, too. Just imagine, Maisie would end up like Lindsay Lohan et al. Would be just heartbreaking.	Not today... or any day ever.
I will never understand what people are thinking when they do such horrible things. 	I will never understand why someone saw a kitten's paw poking out of garbage and had to stop to take a photo before rescuing it.
Life happened. 	But look at me. I turned out alright.
The sharks are not the ones you're thinking of. They're a lot smaller, but otherwise pretty similar. I think they're called dogfish shark. 	Sharks are sharks. The first thing I would've done is poke it to see if it's really dead. 
Raptors, much better than being raped.	Why not both?
1.6 now	looks like its slowing down, 1.8 now
It punishes children for having lousy parents.	And if the parents are excellent?
http://i.imgur.com/O5W5v.gif	[I'd show her the door](http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lumkq8QyCH1qab7nx.gif)
Your 'lol' at the end kills your comment.	To be fair I did laugh at the smell of shit coming from the footwell making him/her sad.
You might want to try /r/askscience for this. They'll have actual evidence. Just ask them to give a simple answer.	Couldn't you just copy paste this into about 75% of ELI5 posts?
Eh, to be fair, r/seduction as a whole is a messed up place where people are routinely viewed as means instead of ends. 	Not really, it's just a self-help program for socially awkward people teaching them how to date and inspire confidence.
i thought he found one already	Nah he just fills in for Sypher a couple of times.
shitty_watercolor was banned from there, creating drama. newlinechar  newlinechar Since you painted a watercolor, now you get to bask in references and jokes about that other guy who has less skill than you, but lots more free time. Enjoy.	Aaaah ok. I don't get people getting banned on Reddit. If people don't like it, they won't upvote it. Why limit content? 
more like raped.	brutally raped. 
There is such a thing as crazy girl that bothers you while you poo exactly long enough.	Girls don't poop so we have no idea how long is 'too long'
Poor Leonardo	*Lemonardo
genius is 1% inspiration, 99% perspiration, and 0% respiration. newlinechar 	23% butterscotch ripple. 
*puts on my wizard hat*	HARRRR!
http://www.reddit.com/r/anime/comments/sab5i/norio_wakamoto_sings_the_haiyore_nyarukosan_op_o_o/c4k13z9	yeah i got that bookmarked when it was released. My point is, why the need to repost this again?
There's a handy link in the sidebar that leads to the [directory of verified accounts](http://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/p8rca/guide_to_account_approval_on_rstarcraft/).	Shit, so there is, thank you. newlinechar  newlinechar My bad.
Used these wall sockets on a recent trip to China, and it's true you can effectively plug just about any mains cord into them.   newlinechar  newlinechar Probably something that hotels in the UK could do too.	I'd rather US guests weren't plugging their appliances directly into UK mains, thanks very much...
Rape in Peace?	Or, maybe *rrriiiiiiiiippp*
You're doing God's work, son. newlinechar 	What Riot does is important, but this... this is God's work.
We want pictures of the guilty pup. 	I did a few days ago, [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/corgi/comments/u9heh/nothing_happier_than_a_corgi_pup_in_the_sun/). :)
Where does this not happen anymore?	Allergies probably? newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: I thought he said 'Why'? Ninja edit? No idea.
Before you lies a rusty hacksaw and an acetylene torch. Live or die, make your choice.	I'd just wear the bike lock.
Internet anonymity makes it easy to yell at someone through your keyboard. Which is essentially what drama is. newlinechar  newlinechar YOU FUCKING WHOREMONGER. 	BLAH BLAH BLAH FAGGOT FAGGOT BIGOT BIGOT RAAAAPE RAAAAPE BLAH BLAH BLAH GO DIE IN A FIRE. newlinechar  newlinechar There now that I have civilly posted my opinions with no insults whatsoever I shall now ban you for having a different opinion. FAGGOT 
Thank you. I pray to the Old gods, the new gods, the lord of light, and the drowned god that they place a ward against trucks on our beloved author.	You forgot the God of tits and wine. I'll go pray to him now.
eu tot nu inteleg cum dracu e mai normal ca sa trebuiasca eu sa invat abilitati de dresor in mijlocul unui oras modern, in loc sa fie luati naibii cainii de pe strazi?	Pai abilitatile sunt doar un mod de a te adapta acestei situatiei absurde cu care ne confruntam.
Bikes are a much better form of transportation then a car in the zombie apocalypse.  No gas requirement, can go almost anywhere.	Till you get ripped off it, as bike offers no protection. 
:()&lt;====3 newlinechar  newlinechar :(&lt;====3 newlinechar  newlinechar :(====3 newlinechar  newlinechar :(===3 newlinechar  newlinechar :(==3 newlinechar  newlinechar :(=3 newlinechar  newlinechar :(3	Balls deep.
Maybe breaking out in any way would be catastrophic, just somewhat less catastrophic than letting it happen naturally.	Well, I assume it's a matter of how catastrophic either option is. I think a man made 'eruption' if it could be achieved would be less dangerous.
Have an interrobang... newlinechar  newlinechar Next time you feel the need to be both astonished and questioning, feel free to use it.  Enjoy!	What's an interrobang I thought that was against the Geneva convention
I am in Edinburgh now. Do you mean to say Emilia Clarke is here? If so, where and why...?	check r/gameofthrones newlinechar 
Though to be fair the Assassin's Creed series is barely stealth anymore. 	It certainly gives you more options for stealth than the first game did. But it doesn't punish you for play it as a stab 'em up
weded should move his comment into that subreddit	If only that were possible...
thirded!	[Here you go!](http://thaifood.about.com/od/thaicurrydishes/r/Easy-Thai-Red-Curry-Recipe.htm)
I fucking hate postmodernism. 	I don't... I don't really get your leap from hating on irony to hating on pomo.
He's aiming for downvotes. That's what drives him.	So.. We should upvote him ?
haha no need to hate, i have old photos of Whoville and Jim Carrey in a shoebox somewhere. Ill do my best to upload them, unfortunately digital cameras didnt really exist in the early 90's. Id have to scan them onto my computer first.	Sharing is caring! Much appreciated if we could see those!
Christians are literally burying him in oppression with downvotes.	He is literally more oppressed than jews in WWII 
Wouldn't be an Irish campaign without a little drama going in!	Follow us over at /r/FAIRepublicofIreland!
update that if you do. While it's nothing i've ever considered actually doing myself, now that i think about it it would be one of the better things on my list newlinechar 	I'll definitely post a pic of any mods! 
5'1'	I'm 5'1 too. You look great! I'm struggling with my weight and it's great to read about your success. I have always hit a hump around 130-135.  newlinechar  newlinechar What have you been doing, if anything, aside from the exercise you mentioned if I might ask?
Kittens man, they're like tiny little razor blades.	Tiny little mewling razor blades.
Having been in a heavy rain storm, sounds about the same.  newlinechar  newlinechar SSSHSSHSHSHSHHSHSSHHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHHSHHSHSHSHS	I just wish we could have light rain for once
[Debatable.](http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/ryirq/just_called_out_a_wealthy_christian_family_in/)	I could have accepted that story as true, if it weren't for the second half. newlinechar  newlinechar *writing an' shit, how does it work?
No, I don't think you're ugly at all. But it wouldn't hurt to lose a little bit of weight.	Let be honest here, it would be a big improvement to lose a lot of weight, not just a bit. You have potential, I think the weight (and the frown!) are your only problems. 
The feature they're requesting is being able to, outside of battle, manually merge your magazines. As in take the bullets from one and put them into another. This *is* a realistic feature.	As long as it doesn't magically happen (instantly) then I'm fine with that. I just don't think people should go to something made for its realistic game mechanics and complain that it isn't like other modern shooters. If I misunderstood the meaning I apologize. 
Karma whoring for great justice: [pale blue dot](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pale_Blue_Dot)	Takes my breath away every time.
&gt;...And don't get me started on *pants*.	Tell me about it. My house is a strictly pants-free zone.
It wasn't a villain, he was Casey Jones! I'm ashamed that i posses such knowledge of crap 90s movies.	You've got a typo in your comment, clearly you meant awesome, not crap! Go Ninja Go Ninja Go!
http://instantostrich.com/	I laughed way too hard at that
And then Brad is actually Tyler Durden.	And OP doesn't exist. It's all inside Brad's head.
I like it better than Trail, you can just do 3 damage to one target if you need to.  Can't do that with Trail.	+1 CMC is pretty significant for RDW.  The flexibility is pretty awesome though.
Hey cheer up, it's only a month and three days until 'it's not me it's you day'	There are some right grumpy bastards on reddit 
how about voting republican ? newlinechar 	The choice between democat and rapeublican is a no-brainer.
My dad was a policeman and once smashed a cars windows because it was 30 degrees, and there was a dog in there. newlinechar The owners were less than amused, but I think they got fined anyway. newlinechar 	HERO! 
http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/f2i7t/ive_written_for_tv_shows_like_csi_and_numbers/	You are a fucking hero, aren't you?
If people enjoy watching him playing LoL i dont see how he doesnt deserve the income.	Didn't you get the memo? If you don't play SC2 like a Korean, you are the worst human being ever, and you should donate all your life savings to Kespa. 
ONE MILLLLEEEON YEARS DUNGEON!!!!!	For evvvvvvvveryone. NO TRIAL.
&gt; Peshay - The Piano Tune newlinechar  newlinechar Came here to post this - it was one one of the first drum and bass albums I ever bought! 	Yes such a killer track. newlinechar  newlinechar I also recommend the OP to check out the back catologue of Good Looking Records
What if it's both? He could be taking things to a whole new level here.	He didn't have a [meta] tag so how are we supposed to know...
[](/rarityyell) HELLO CRIMSON BRISTLE, I AM THE MAGICAL COUCH. YOU HAVE THE CHANCE TO BE THE FIRST TO KNOW WHO I AM. HOW DO YOU DO? 	Hello The Magical Couch! Nice to meet you! I am doing well! And you?    newlinechar (Also excuse the late reply X3 I took a nap then forgot I had messages on Reddit.)
go on.	You must have missed the AMA a year ago. I might do another sometime in the future. It's pretty crazy how Redditors will downvote a person just sharing something odd and strange about their own life, then upvote the person asking for more info. newlinechar  newlinechar No love. :/
[Free sauce.](http://xhamster.com/movies/1094711/california_dreams_tiffany.html)	She looks like the girl from Cloverfield... which... is... awesome...
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colonization_of_Mars newlinechar  newlinechar it's not really so much about finding life as it is about trying to achieve a new human base. 	Moon would suffice then, wouldn't it?
ok i will def. get the unlimited but about the ssl dont i just click ssl checkbox and make sure the port is 563 or something? or is there more steps?	You're right.
r/nocontext newlinechar  newlinechar P.S. - I think you're in the wrong subreddit.	/r/nocontext?  I don't think you understand.  This *already* has no context.
Yeah, next it will be mexicans. newlinechar  newlinechar 	USA Today briefly mentioned that Luca Magnotta committed the crimes in a country that many consider to be the Mexico of the north.  
Yes, well done. You noticed the internet likes cats. What do you do with the surplus wit you have?	I'll give it all to charity!
	What is this magic?!
He built the little road to the docks yet no docks!	They're right under the bridge.
We do get something in return.  We get a free game that is updated every two weeks with new content.	'New content' that has a price tag on it. You realize they update the game to get paid, not for our benefit.
And this is a FOR SURE LIE	I haven't really been unable to do it when drunk. It can always get up, always.
Assuming PRC takes over Japan, I don't think they'll allow the Rising Sun being incorporated as a symbol, ever. The Rising Sun flag symbolizes the imperial Japan on that neighborhood.	Exactly what I thought when I saw it. I was like, 'Hah! no.' Using the sun-with-rays flag with China in control is as likely as if Israel took over Germany and reverted their flag to the swastika. 
He won NO primary states. NONE. Name a primary state he won?	I don't think he's won much of anything this year. Even the strong caucus showings were still not victories. 
I debated between the two for so long. Fuck	Protip: If you're not sure, do a google on define:word.  newlinechar  newlinechar But yeah, you do mean integral to your life :)
Like father, like son	and the holy ghost.
And what about the people who bought many champs with real money? I don't think riot will do this.	They could as compensation, give you free skins to the champions, or refund your RP :)
Oh i thought they just affected whether or not the post was on the front page or not, dont understand the need for it to be tied in with users accounts, seems pretty sad if thats what your posting links for.	Well they do, the posts with the most karma make the front page, but yeah, tying it to a username is just a recipe for making it into an internet-based yardstick.
it's not just you... I noticed it, and I don't understand it.  I thought the internet was beyond using gay love to whore for karma.	If you think the internet is *beyond* anything, you're gonna have a bad... Things just aren't going to work out for you.
ah yes, but it racism not funny in and of itself?	I'm not a big fan of Family Guy's brand of humor. I like a bit of subtlety and I personally think that Seth MacFarlane despises subtlety.
Can we just get a national review of all police officers already? This shit needs to stop.	And spend millions of dollars in legal fees so a few of them go on paid leave for a while?
I'm glad I took the time to read your comment correctly.	Barampara rumpara bridge to terabithia 12 year old out in me correctly.
dc vs nintendo? :-D	It'd be alot better than pitting a franchise known for taking murder to extreme levels and pitting it against a franchise known for refraining from murder in extreme levels.
I wish your username would be Kinky_Dave_the_Giant. :-(	Haha, oh man, me too now, me too.
Humans are shallow. If you watch yourself for signs of it, you'll probably find you are too. It's not ideal or fair, but let's face it, scratch the surface and we're just ill-tempered apes. It's pretty amazing what we've achieved, though.	I think we're both shallow and not. Yin yang, etc.
I downvoted because I thought it was funny. Know why? Because if it's funny, it belongs in /r/funny, not here.	'AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO READS THE RULES AROUND HERE?' 
so, a white 20-year old male in perfect health walks into a bar...	he says ouch. newlinechar  newlinechar [](/unsmith)
But kittens ARE cuter than babies...	Father of a 3 year old here, I can confirm this.
I believe he meant ['HIYO!'](http://www.hiyoooo.com/)	Thank you.
I think it was meant to contrast with the whiteguard, rather than be some kind of ape of the gay flag.	I agree, but it was still rather fabulous.
If you have any kind of fan/vent/airflow passing by as you paint your nails, that could be an issue (drying out the polish before you get a coat on.) If polish thinner doesn't work, I'm not sure why they would be so thick.	I had the overhead fan on last night trying to do my nails, I always forget about it until I'm cursing at my fingers.
No it is awesome. 	Just letting you guys know that this was my favourite conversation of the day. 
Pro-tip: Never link the Bleacher Report to any sport subreddit. One of the most generally disliked sports sites because of their ridiculous slide shows	Their content is also overly poorly written and flips between stupendously boring and deliberately provocative (still managing to be boring).
I did! I got there around 4pm and stayed until the evening (see darker pic below), which was positively creepy.	I must say I'm a bit jealous.   But I'm glad you got to experience such a beautiful and wonderful place. :)
Dat link of chain. 	Yeah, I'm strangely more fascinated by the chain than the bucket.  
RIP Mitch etc.	Oh is Mitch Hedberg dead? *I was unaware*.
Couldn't you just copy paste this into about 75% of ELI5 posts?	I see your point. I like how ask science keeps the information as factual as possible without forcing it into layman terms. It makes me learn more about the topic.
Wow. Where is this workshop???	Oz apparently.
I saw that documentary!  They forcibly tattoo eyes on your eyes so everyone knows you're a bitch.  Also, when they want to escape and newlinechar they take an extra guy they call 'the cow' so they can eat him!   newlinechar 	Goddamn! I was actually referring to something else, but that is some shit. What documentary was it?
It's an HBO tv series.	Although, considering the manner in which everyone I know watches it, it might as well be a webisode.... 
Blessed? All a matter of opinion sir. I'm 5' 4' and i'm proud of my height and enjoy it. Better for close quarters anyways.	Well then you are blessed too: All a matter of opinion sir. Whether short or tall, be happy with what you've got. You seem to have that down. No need to be rude to someone for making a little silly.
We were suppose to draw it. Was pretty sweet.	Ew.
By 'arena beta', you mean at a LAN event, right? 	PvP was in a very early build of the Beta that a few people wrote about. Then it was announced that it wouldn't be ready for release, removed from the build and scheduled for a later patch.
Yes :'(	You look so beautiful right now.
I am simply an amateur with an often morbid sense of curiosity. Have you read [Raerth's Moderation Guide](http://www.reddit.com/r/raerth/comments/f2xrr/raerths_moderation_guide/)?  	Amateurs are more than welcome. I am pretty morbid too. Very few types of gore can make me cringe. newlinechar  newlinechar I have skimmed it, but I have it open for future reading right now, as I'm heading off to work shortly. Thank you!
In the U.S., you don't have to be police to carry weapon on the job. Many security jobs allow you to do so.	Do you have to be trained in using the weapon or can you just carry what you want? (with permits that is)
Same. I watched about half last night, paused because it was too late not because I got bored, and my interest was held the entire time. The movie makes me want to read the books, which makes it a success in my opinion.	I never even knew there were books. 
Disagree. If you're in a long-ish hallways with low ceilings and Loch you can't get a hit in. Just can't arc that shit.	That's why I charge, smash their faces, and then unload a round point blank. (and hope I don't explode)
The job centre actually covers any travel expenses for placements and apprenticeships, but obviously the whole thing is still fucking horrendous.	I find it pretty fucking ridiculous that at 2.60 an hour, the *employer* can't pay for travel costs. 
LSD	listening to moby dick on acid felt like my entire body was orgasming 
I don't think he's won much of anything this year. Even the strong caucus showings were still not victories. 	I'm amazed at how little his supports know about him.
If only that were possible...	/r/ideasfortheadmins maybe?
I think holding the election during the week when a lot of people dont actually live in their home constituency during the week has a lot to do with it. 	If I was from, say, Wexford, and I lived and worked in Dublin, I'd have my voting card sent to Dublin.
House centipede. It eats things that eat your house, as well as things that eat you. Like bedbugs. These guys are pretty much badass death machines to all evils in your house. They are also 100% harmless to humans.	I'd rather have all the other things than that one single demon spawn in my house.
 More like Bob Marley	looks more like Weird Al
Or Woody Harrelson.  Why can't AMA's with potentially really cool people ever be as awesome as the pornstar AMA's?	IMO the pornstar ones are quite disappointing too. they should post more pics :)
Yay, I'm not just losing my Egyptian mythology... Kudos for being able to read hieroglyphics, too!	Thanks. Just a tiny bit though, so far, although I'm working on it.
A small tip is to put the tape on the back of your hand first(glue down) to make it not be so strong. It will pick up some oils from your skin etc, but will still be able to stick to your nail for you to make your design :)	Definitely this. Also, I think the only time I've ever successfully taped, it's been on a 1 day old mani, where its completely and totally dry.
Since when have zombies?	since when have
You have to really slide your hand across the top. You're not trying until your hand has a thick layer of dust.	and saliva
If it's a black widow, kill it first. Egg sac too. Vacuum is not a sure kill.	I just let it run for a couple of minutes so it circulates a hundreds times around with any other junk that's in there. newlinechar 
sure, but it is really boring, I've seen gabbro doors menacing with spikes of gabbro that were more interesting. newlinechar Behold, the crown of a depressed dwarf: [Mataddor Askak Gigin \*Bentdrowns the Scorpion of Fliers\* a dwarf bone crown](http://i.imgur.com/FICpo.png)	How much is it worth?
Not a cowboy but Alpine Folk costume. HUGE difference. 	Alpine cowboy
No, it's just well-established that he did. I don't spend my days thinking about horse penises, but I know that male horses have them.	You're missing out on *a lot* of porn, my friend.
[AHEM](http://i.imgur.com/YAsqf.jpg)	haha, point taken. But it would probably take many moons for me to walk to that hot tub from my home on the East Coast :-p
After time your phone gets clogged up withs app and crap. newlinechar  newlinechar Reinstalling anything won't do much, if you want it to be fast again, do a full wipe( FULL), install cm9, then only install the essentials, and try and minimize on widgets/sync etc	Done and done, full wipe then installed CM9 and now installing my most used apps and my Music. I also took the advice of another commenter and install the Air Kernel, as of right now it's running really smooth! newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks for your help! 
Come to what?	You. Me. This moment.
Peeshaw, I'm sure Gregor had nothing to do with it. newlinechar  newlinechar A nice boy like that.	This made me spit out my orange juice.  So funny!
Come over here and make me. 	What happened here.
brilliant find. I wish i could upvote this more than once	Agreed.
having to stand in a corner for acting up in class. newlinechar  newlinechar having a teacher yank kids around the room by the ear. newlinechar  newlinechar having a teacher that wouldn't lose his/her job for giving students a hug.	They can still hug, but there are specific policies about how. Like they can't engage the hugs, it has to be one armed so that it's open, never when you're alone behind closed doors, etc.
That's kind of shitty of her to brag about it to you. Doesn't sound like she respects you. It's normal to be sad about it, it sounds like she wasn't all that into the relationship.	Exactly. You don't give a fuck about the people who don't respect you. They don't deserve any emotion of yours. Think about it. If she never really cared, what is the point of wasting time thinking about her? 
I think it was pretty divided. Personally I think his transfer record started to dwindle and it certainly didn't get any easier with the ownership troubles.  newlinechar  newlinechar Kind of hated to see him fall, but was happier to see him go.	He did have transfer troubles, I definitely agree with that 100%. But I gotta say the man did stick behind Lucas Leiva and gave him the chance to be the force he turned out to be before he got hurt, even amidst all of the fan dissent. newlinechar 
New players doesn't necessarily mean new to the dota-genre. No competetive hon or dota team is going to switch to league because they simply have to spend hours of grind / money to be competitive.  	They'd still have to spend a lot of time to get good at the game; being good at DotA doesn't make you good at LoL.
Shit.. well i just sort of shoot of sarcastic comments and post something maybe once a week. Karma is just silly.. i'd prefer it if nobody could see your karma.	But we all love knowing you have 75k karma, Alex.
So, it has come to this...	Indeed.
Wat	if Vinny says so...
Turkey, and that is exactly what I thought after watching the evening news! The old deadline used to be 10 weeks.	Turkey has been backsliding in the past few years, which is scary. I hope you can get mobilised and stop this. Good luck.
When in doubt- Cowboy hat.	It's not a cowboy hat! It's a Bavarian Alpine hat!
:| 	why are you looking at me like that?.... stop it... STOP IT!!!
A step down from *Cars*?	I didn't think Cars, UP or WALL-E stood up to any Pixar Films before it.   newlinechar  newlinechar There, I said it.
where i live in florida its old people, canadians on vacation, and asshole college kids on vacation. thats a year round busy season. roads are always congested and i dont trust anyone	Thankfully Pensacola isn't *as* bad. 
Almost as original as people screencapping reddit posts.	Well Played Sir
I've still got an '89 one working fine (although it did nothing for about 15 years)	Want a Hayman reese Towbar for it? - Free to pick up if yr travelling through Coffs/
And OP doesn't exist. It's all inside Brad's head.	And Brad's head is Purgatory.
*Solicitation of pictures*	What are you doing in the female locker room with a camera?
I have never seen it, and I'm here *a lot.*	Same here. newlinechar  newlinechar I don't think that's a testament to how little-used it is.  I think it shows just how big reddit is.  
Amercian	A real [Mercian](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mercia). newlinechar  newlinechar And a REEE-AAL HEE-RO.
Honningbrew, less stamina regen reduction.	I don't really care about the effects, I only drink and eat for role playing purposes. I like change into my comfortable clothing, eat one of Aela's home cooked meals, maybe a bowl of soup and a sweet roll, and drink a bit of mead then read a good book.
I AGREE WITH YOU ON THIS! WHY IS OGRE PINK? OGRE BLUE!	OGRE SKIN BLUE, OGRE TITS PINK.
And bechus and MrOhHai.	And probably 50 other names that we don't know of yet. 
Sorry	I facepalmed. Sorry.
Nah he just fills in for Sypher a couple of times.	ahhh i thought him yellow and nrated + the other 2 made a new team, thanks for clearing that up for me
It's retarded, I made a new world, and by the 5th day, I'm on Level 108, without any diamonds to enchant my stuff.	Yeah, it's just insanely too far in the other direction right now.  
That's fucking adorable!	Yea!! Come drink next weekend and play with her!!! Haha
Yeah ladies.  Try to avoid not insisting on your partner using contraception.   newlinechar  newlinechar Road goes both ways, my friend.	Yes, either side could act responsibly....or both even. 
The slow pace could have worked, but, rather than have a gloomy score to set the mood and build suspense, they had quirky Indie family drama music that was so our of place, it made moments feel downright awkward.	*That's* what it was... I guess since I jumped around a lot and didn't really just sit and immerse myself, the music didn't hit me during my partial viewing. It's disappointing, I feel like that's a stupid thing to ruin a movie over.
And spend millions of dollars in legal fees so a few of them go on paid leave for a while?	Get your logic out of here.
I'm roman catholic. So I guess that's major. 	about as major as it gets lol
Wait, philosophy is still taught in 'MURICUH? In le Sweden it's banned like all liberal arts. The only things you can major in are atheism and engineering.	Majoring atheism is a lot better because it means you have a PhD at engineering as well.
Not that I disagree with you, but they did remake Psycho and Halloween. 	[I know](http://www.terrariaonline.com/attachments/thats_the_joke-jpg.31014/)
Blizz could find them, but why would they? These bots buy stuff off the RMAH, resell it for more, blizz gets to double tax them on both sales. The bot is fine with this because he made a profit, blizz is happy, the end user is... fucked?	that's a short-sighted view.  think of all the unhappy customers, bad PR, and lack of transactions that will happen if bots are rampant
remember that and you might not go broker then a motherfucker	Pft, I got that way WITHOUT credit cards.
Not something I would ever do. Being in England it would more than likely get rained on or nicked. Some homeless / drunk / weird person might also pee in it or something awful like that. newlinechar  newlinechar Besides, helmets make good shopping baskets.	You get an up for the helmet as a shopping basket they work so well for it.  Also if you buy something really cold like a drink or other such thing you get a nice cool helmet to put back on :)
Oh, or you can stick it all in one, easy website! newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.seventhsanctum.com/	Brilliant!!!!
The parts cutoff are just him using grep/sed/tr/cut to get the contents of the tweet. newlinechar Here's an example of the JSON query he was using: [http://search.twitter.com/search.json?q=military&amp;rpp=1](http://search.twitter.com/search.json?q=military&amp;rpp=1)   newlinechar   In the example, you're looking for the text between **,'text':** and **','to_user'**    	Thank you!
My girlfriend said 'anal on the first date?  That's a bit presumptuous.' newlinechar  newlinechar   I said, 'that's a pretty big word for an 8 year old.'	You owe my boss an explanation.
Wally probably will exist, but for him to exist Barry has to marry Iris West, and since that hasn't happened yet, Wally can't have either. 	technically just date Iris West.  I mean to push Wally back would be so terrible, to just erase some of DC's best character development since the first Crisis.  They say they have plans for him, probably Flashpoint 2 in a few years
This is why it's good not to assume.	or why it is... i think we need more optimism in the world.
Always been a fan of [these guys](http://www.flyingbeeranch.net/), and they have great prices. Others here have used them as well! newlinechar  newlinechar 	Thanks. If the local thing doesn't work out, that looks like a great plan B.
Dear god  newlinechar  newlinechar 'Essence Shift: Cap of 40 stats removed' newlinechar  newlinechar inb4 seeing a lot more Shadowblade.	The cap annoyed me so much! I'm looking forward to try devo/shadowblade in midwars.
would be a crazy finals but probably wont happen 	yeah, neither of them are playing protoss.
Dbacks challenged it and won, Harper called out.	I think he's talking about 'Fausto Carmona'.
Turning off your targeting computer and trusting in the force doesn't count as faith?	Not when the force was verifiable and demonstrable (remember the blast shield lesson?) . And it didn't apply to all, only to those who were sensitive to it. As the old adage goes.... Han Solo remained an atheist in a foxhole until he meet actual wizards with superpowers...
I think Hazard/Hulk will be unveiled together on Sunday or Monday (first business day).	Just FYI but in England both Monday and Tuesday are Bank Holidays, for the Queen's Diamond Jubilee. The next business day is Wednesday
*So brave.*	No that's Scotland
Schlick is a very moist word. I'm imagining a drier, dustier sound...	Fff fff fff fff
The soundtrack for amnesia is fucking mint though! I never realized how good it was until I heard it outside of the game. I didn't even know there was a soundtrack... I was too busy shitting myself... &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;	Tonight I start Amnesia...wish me luck! newlinechar  newlinechar  I'm really looking forward to all the OSTs.
Not matter how many strikes there is, it's disproportionate punishment by cutting off someone from the rest of civilisation. newlinechar  newlinechar Example: http://www.metafilter.com/112698/California-Dreamin#4183210 newlinechar  newlinechar That ignores the other flaws such as onus of guilt is on subscriber.	Thank you for posting this link. 
Mad skills.	Making a mental note to come back and look at these in the future
How many rockets scientists also dream about putting humans on mars?	plenty, and they are more likely to evaluate this companies ability to complete that task than your average joe.
candy is dandy, but liquor is quicker.	'A little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest men..' newlinechar  newlinechar Which is why I am enjoying reading about MarsOne and so are you. 
That's a toy airplane, right?	Not as far as I'm aware of, no.
Twisted treeline? Really? newlinechar  newlinechar Play summoners rift, so much better	I second this
AMA Request bro, you're like our mole on the inside	What do you want to know?
That's probably what it is.	It is. _
I genuinely don't understand why people are labelling their jokes with 'offensive' now.	To get more people to read them.
It is painful seeing your rear derailleur like that.	OK yes. I cross chained pulling into the garage. Guess what, even the pros do it every now and then (Andy Schleck in the TDF). Get over it. 
Go to Fair Go!	pretty much the answer to any dispute in nz.
Just another pine tree. Nothing to see here, enemy combatants. 	Dat CADPAT! newlinechar 
With a beautiful face like this, you should be out more often.	D'aww. You're makin' me blush.
His name is Robert Paulson	Probably the best way to end one of these comment threads. 
If only they set that up so that the recoil would sucker punch her right in the nose	Dude, that's Betty Windsor. She is nails and know how to do that thumb thing Sean Connery does in The Presidio. Don't fuck with her. The last person who did was involved in a car accident in Paris...
That needs a spoiler tag.	WHAT IF okay this is gonna sound crazy but hear me out WHAT IF BRYNDEN TULLY IS ACTUALLY VARYS
So 3.5 inch floppy is the average.	Only back in the 90's
Good. Now playing with football league teams in career mode on FIFA won't be so annoying.	Yeah it's a pain fixing the bench after rotating the squad and when you don't and then there's an injury to one of your players and nobody to replace him.
Life is to be lived; putting a focus on bungee jumping or jet-skiing can be a distraction.	Life is to be lived; putting a focus on karate chopping or skydiving can be a distraction.
Or, maybe *rrriiiiiiiiippp*	Rape rape rape in in in in in in in in in peace peace peace? newlinechar Or was that an onomatopoeia? newlinechar Edited.
Did you buy anything that turned out to be good?	Well, Orange Box for one, but the price I paid for it (something like 55) I wasn't too happy with, haha
I second this. I also hate anything coming out of Miami because of him now too....Go Celtics	Fuck that thing in centerfield.
That's some beautiful cheese, man.	I'm Dutch, so I guess I know my way around cheese, yo.
And the fact that he subsequently ate someone's face rules out mephedrone.	not necessarily, we are probably looking at either drug induced psychosis, mental illness, or a dissociative newlinechar  newlinechar Stimulant abuse over the long term can get you fucked up to the point where this is possible
It's a 92FS Inox 9mm.  I only got it today and I'm dying to head out to the range with it tomorrow. 	[I read a lot of comic books in high school and this heavily influenced that purchase. Pretty lame looking back...](http://i.imgur.com/rC7Bx.jpg)
Lets just say I went to a large, respected University, and that was what the introductory classes were in.	People just love to be snobs.
I just got high and read this out loud and YOU ARE THE BEST! I'm saving this because it's totally the most awesome thing a random author on the internet has ever written about one of my bizarre topics! UPVOTES!	Yeah I love you too Superzepto
Then in that case i'll be maggie.....	Meet you in the barn later? 
[Wait, what?](http://i.imgur.com/OelVq.gif)	Mistress of the gif.
Early in his life Rock went through a transformation, this transformation was swift and painful. Rock is now Dog. 	We even got him on the phone.
Between comic books and reddit I'm surprised I get anything done in there. 	I think I wouldn't be anywhere near as intelligent as I am today if I never had to shit.
Actually, I think burning him at the stake is the only solution.	I wanted to tickle his feet!
He means he has many friends in school administration, and he plans to stand by them.	Or maybe he's not going to sell off his investments ever?
Same. The last 3 times I've gone over she's told me about it... So wrong, I know that feel...	[We all know that feel](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IdHTnpgpLDc)
Commodity markets have been down for a week, when was this written?	might be other region, but yes this guide is not applicable to the majority of players (largest % on americas) considering the commodity AH was only working for 3-4 days since release and will probably not be working till 2-3 days before RMAH 'actually' does go live.
I tried this... The plans I try to create never seem to catch on.  	Your plans need more intoxicants. 
[](/ohcomeon) [What am I, chopped liver?](http://i.imgur.com/OmWD3.png) newlinechar  newlinechar [](/sp) I've been too busy/lazy/sober recently to make more, and finding whale pictures with emotions is hard. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, do you know how we're going to implement emotes? I can copypasta code, but I have nothing to work with.	Sorry~!~~ newlinechar  newlinechar Thiz will implement them for us. &lt;3
Can you keep borrowing the same weapon over and over?	Actually you can, Duder is mistaken. newlinechar  newlinechar If you wish you can keep borrowing any weapon that can be borrowed indefinitely, but you can only borrow 1 weapon per week. newlinechar  newlinechar I've borrowed the sticky jumper 5 times so far.
Northern Irish! newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah it's weird and confusing and sometimes scary but you are not alone in thinking like that 	Thanks :)
Not that I've ever seen. The people that were responsible had just taken their ad out, maybe there was a number on the ad somewhere.  newlinechar  newlinechar I was just waiting for the bus to work and I saw this and snapped a pic. 	[The HRM call centre](https://www.halifax.ca/contactus/) will take care of it. I've called them with similar issues on the past and the issue's been taken care of within 24 hours. SAPs can even send in their request electronically on that page, no need to risk talking to a live hooman bean.
Portal 2 was unbelievably average. newlinechar  newlinechar The writing was pure genius though, best writing I've encountered this side of Penny-Arcade OTRSPOD	I thought it was good, but not 'Game of the year 2011' good, r/gaming is a bit obsessed with Valve.
SBS is good too.	Yeah, especially if you want the international stuff. I'll never find a single source that I consider totally trustworthy on Middle East issues though; recommendations are welcome.
Holy crap, they've killed someone? They must be stopped before this escalates!	It's ok, it wasn't a server after all, just the old guy who picks up the cutlery you dropped and didn't retrieve. panic over.
And everyone knows that being in serious debt makes you a good person!	I never said he was a good person.
How did you figure out that it wasn't?	They gave him the free iPad he had won.
Wait... did you just downvote yourself? http://i.imgur.com/uFIRo.jpg	Nah, he's playing reddit on hardmode. You remove your own upvotes and let the community decide.
But what if hes not dead?	Whoa. This creates a problem. I don't know what to think or say or do
You could get stuck in that round-a-bout for days	Look kids, Big Ben, Parliament!
And if the parents are excellent?	Then they should become teachers.
&gt; All 80 will be free to use until the end of the Paralympics, after which a charge will apply to anyone whos not a Virgin customer newlinechar  newlinechar I find it incredible that state funded transport has allowed the above deal. Brason must laugh himself silly every morning.	I'd rather it be run by Virgin than the government
Yep.  Did a lot of racist shit, really.  He still needed the support of southern leaders to pass New Deal legislation.  The black vote still came to him in droves, though.	Andrew Jackson , you know that one president that gave the Democratic party the donkey as their symbol. He forced thousands of Native-Americans to relocate on what came to be known as the Trail of Tears. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: grammar error, change became to came.
I was wondering why the shirt had built in breasts!	Made me think we were resigning Benni Mac
you might be surprised to learn that other species carry diseases as well	And that's one of the reasons I dont fuck random animals.
They just got Andy Serkis to roll around on the floor in his green suit.	Directed by George Lucas.
Oh man, and what a brilliant idea that invasion was.	Napoleon never played Risk as a kid...
If you upgrade your rectal RAM you should be able to buffer several gigabytes at a time before you have to take a memory dump.	I believe http://downloadmoreram.com has an option for that
Use me like one of your french worktools!	I will pound you with my marteau. newlinechar  newlinechar (The marteau is my verge)
i have seen porno's that were more realistic than this garbage	The Star Wars episode 4 XXX parody had some good ideas for space travel. Why don't we start there?
hell ya. in the morning when im already late for work.	Or when the train is late.  Yuuup.
Don't look at him for to long for your own safety.	I am slowly being immobilized by cuteness. Save yourse
But it is a repost of OC which is basically the closest you are going to get	Sorry, best I can do is 5$.
Tank Girl was great. Dated badly these days, though. Sooo nineties :D	Oh god, Tank Girl. MEMORIES.
Least it was women in the commercial making out and not men.	[Well, fuck!](http://youtu.be/zedHt5wwBt0) newlinechar  newlinechar  **NSFW**
Its just a cover up. Go for it.	Yeah, brain, that's definitely the conclusion I should come to. Every time. What could go wrong?!
h fan? Mogen niv att ha en narkotikadebatt p. I am dissapoint.	So am I!
[This is what kids in America had to deal with.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9Srh6pyyFs) newlinechar 	You poor motherfuckers.
Oh man, I miss the Hot Dog Stand.	Why won't they think of us who are still using Active Desktop? I don't want to have to re-train, Microsoft!
I like this, but I will comment on the first female airbending master being Jinora... I think at least we have seen Avatar Yangchen airbend in flashbacks. But this is really great that we are seeing more airbending from Tenzin's kids.	We have seen Yangchen bend, Winter Solstice Part 2.
I did this last night and got beyond fucked up. Another weed-enhancer id recomend is melatonin. Take some about 20 min before smoking and you get almost a dissociative kinda high from the weed	I can't even remember posting this, so I'd just stick with mangoes.
As a real person, I am confused by this.	Aborigines and Maori are native tribes people of the Australian and New Zealand region.
I roll clear papers better for some odd reason, :o all about technique.	My technique's a little rough, even with regular Zig-Zags. :)
You can do it like that, but it might float away. Try playing your cello at 2x speed, it will make it higher-pitched and will sound convincingly like a violin.	As a professional musictarian I have to say, the immusiceracy in this thread is astounding. Even tempered cellos would never, I repeat, *never* be tuned to a coprime frequency of the base period length.
Came here to laugh at this.	This. 
It needs a laser.	[Light saber bayonet?](http://imageshack.us/f/504/50458745.jpg/)
I won't tell anyone to not feel self conscious, but seriously, you have nothing to worry about, you're very attractive!   newlinechar  newlinechar Also, is your username a reference to Star Trek?	[Actually, this guy.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cronus) newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I'm a HUGE mythology nerd.
Mac + Games = Error 37	You already lost me. Are you saying I shouldn't get a Mac if I want to play games?
I agree on more protein. Depending on the work he may actually need the carbs though.	I'm a runner who doesn't eat much carbs, but I guess I'm different. 
Such a good documentary. I've known of a few people at least who have never had any interest or exposure to F1 racing period who absolutely loved this. A must watch.	It's quite harsh on Prost, you'll note he was a pallbearer at Senna's funeral. He wasn't perfect, but who is.  newlinechar  newlinechar Grand Prix: The Killer Years is a good documentary highlighting just how safe F1 is now compared with even 15 years ago. 
Honey, does this rag smell like chloroform to you?	They fall for it everytime!
You'd have to connect to the store over the wireless carrier so i don't think this will work. I mean you can still connect to the play store without a SIM at all.	Yes, I can access the store, but I couldn't load the pro (ie: paid) version of any apps.
Tell me the other one is named Juliet.	The other one is named Juliet.
I heard about 10 mins before you start smoking	Nope, smoke while eating = the most heavenly flavor you have ever tasted. Plus, that means that no matter what, you'll be flying.
And as someone who has read the book and watched SAC. I would say well done sir, Well done.	Well done Ma'am*
Make enough people blind and maybe the rest will stop doing stupid shit. 	Tough to catch someone and drown them if you can't see 'em.
And besides male semen contains proteins that can prevent wrinkles &gt; [**reference**](http://nymag.com/news/intelligencer/56941/).	Fact. After I give my bf a handjob and get cum on my hands, they feel so much softer afterwards.
So... how was it on the other side?	Cold, dark ... but with amazing 360 peripheral vision.
I will never understand why someone saw a kitten's paw poking out of garbage and had to stop to take a photo before rescuing it.	that is done for reddit karma against real life karma. but the important think is that he might have saved the cat. that's real life karma
I second this comment.	Can I ask why? Of all the things missing it seems like beds would be somewhat low on the priority list. No real need to reset your spawn point since the world is so small. Don't like night maybe?
Put down Reddit and pay attention. This is your education goddammit. 	Dick jokes are education too!  Or that's what the Internet taught me in my youth.
Really? HOW ABOUT HEADING IT OUT FOR A BLOODY CORNER!? Sorry. Didn't mean to be rude, but as a centre back this frustrated the shit out of me. Literally.	You literally shit yourself out of frustration?
SEX HORNY SEX WILL SEX SEX YOUR PENIS SEX	Where do I sign up?
Can somebody clue me in on the context here?	[contex](http://venturebeat.com/2011/12/27/ocean-marketing-how-to-self-destruct-your-company-with-just-a-few-measly-emails/)
Yeah, but when I'm with friends, we like to break out the jokes that make you feel like a terrible human being for laughing. That's what I meant rather than people coming here because they thought a storm was brewing.	Again, that's just 'humour'. Everyone has a personal sense of it.
sar as i'm going out of my station piss to llet me know if u gius need my kamra.	Yas saar I all needs your korma
Maybe if he practised it some more, cos it does look like shot, but the sentiment is nice.	Yeah the sentiment is nice, but I don't think he should have continued using it so much. 
I've seen many good bath towels needing to be thrown out after being wrapped around a catatonic drunk who may have been producing significant amounts of vomit and possibly piss.	i hope they were thown out with the drunk wrapped in
BLASPHEMER!	Don't worry. I got this.
Joining the negative karma train. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: UPVOTES, REALLY?	I upvoted you and I downvoted them. I don't even know why!  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Reddit is in control now.
I upvoted you, but it still needs mentioning that he is kind of corrupt.	What man with money isn't?
A real [Mercian](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mercia). newlinechar  newlinechar And a REEE-AAL HEE-RO.	REAL HUMAN BEENG 
you cant even see their faces	is that all women are to you? A FACE?!
r/jailbait was shut down, so hopefully that has got rid of some.	I'm getting downvoted for saying that I hope some pedos have left reddit? newlinechar  newlinechar Its true, for some people Reddit IS just 4chan for hipsters.....pedo hipsters
The Oblivion DLC added an entirely new place.	1 of them did.
I hate to be that guy, but... Link to the wallpaper please? :)	similar: newlinechar http://iiwallpapers.com/5615-cowboy-bebop-spike-spiegel-wallpaper-[5]/
This is a very passive aggressive approach. If you are looking for a smooth, calm way out of this I would absolutely NOT recommend this course of action.	It feels more like he's putting it into perspective. If she expects it to be ok to do that with homosexual males would she also find it acceptable for her partner to do the same with homosexual females. I'm guessing no.
It's pretty damn good vodka. Very smooth. 	Any shitty vodka poured through a Brita filter turns out better than top shelf. 
Tiny little mewling razor blades.	I will start shaving with kittens.
Artosis defended MVP when he did that.	Artosis calmed down but he was known for his huge rage against cheese or all-in (since Brood War). ;p
Sometimes there's nothing to add though because the infograph sort of explains everything. 	Well then just put the link and nothing else.
sadly no one on that board will ever understand you are trolling	It wasn't me that replied. I just googled something atheist related and this was the first result
Yeah it probably just gets to a point where it's bland map that just keeps repeating itself, but is still technically 'infinite'	If you tunnel too deep you fall through the sky. If you're a good aim you can fly through your tunnel again, kinda like portal. 
We even got him on the phone.	HELLO. YES THIS IS ROCK.
I don't have much faith in humanity, but I do want to believe people wouldn't pay a company to play a game for them.	Heard of powerleveling...?
Aborigines and Maori are native tribes people of the Australian and New Zealand region.	I see. This is a Terry Pratchett world, right?
Yes! With socks on!	Damn! I only have warlock socks. 
Father of a 3 year old here, I can confirm this.	Thank you for telling the truth! :-)
Yah but if he were pretending to be Westerosi, then she'd be pretending to be Sansa, so she'd be like 13, which is not.	If you were pretending to be Westerosi then you wouldn't give a shit about her being 13.
We'll need to see his friend papers.	And not zig-zags.  
But they in essence heal you for the exact same amount. There is no difference between either of those heals in any way that would relate to survivability. Assuming that you meant 20k hp as opposed to 15k.	15k is right - 50% resist is not +50% EHP, but +100% EHP, because 50% resist means you'll loose the 15k half as fast, thus doubling your survivability.
Don't just leave this in the liverpool subreddit dude, It would benefit greatly from being in a bigger, international subreddit. 	I've posted it to bigger ones and it either gets ignored (r/movies) or deleted by mods (r/star wars). We are also posting around Facebook and twitter as well, so if anybody could share it around there and spread the word, that would be awesome
Girls can't own computers. newlinechar  newlinechar This is the *Goddamn* internet, sir!	That's true. That's also the reason why there are no girls on the internet.
you mutton fall asleep at the wheel	These pun threads are so *Baad*
Way to slap me down *first thing in the morning*.	A morning smacking is better than coffee, no?
No, I think that's still a woman newlinechar 	You saved the joke.
The idiots are more educated, not sure whether they're actually more intelligent	That's what I meant, I couldn't think of that word (further proving the last statement)
Or paid.	Why so many upvotes with no discussion? Implying a noble prize winner has no integrity should at least be backed up by something other than conjecture. 
As long as its an atheist cat. 	Goddamnit! newlinechar 
&gt; My palette is more tuned to pour-over and immersion brewing. newlinechar  newlinechar Unless you are a painter with an interest for coffee motifs, you mean 'palate' :)	Doh! I knew that looked wrong. And on my first reddit post.  I usually are grammar so good. ;)
Yeah, kids are the worst	Wow. Just despicable. I need to Google 'Look of disapproval' and go to the Know your Meme page and ctrl+c then ctrl+v (computer shortcuts for copy paste) and post it here, because I forget the HTML code to do it myself.
Statutes of limitations get moved relatively frequently. There have been people tried more than forty years after a crime occurred.	It may be a question of when the false statement was or should have been discovered.  That may determine the start of the clock.
Timberwolves should go back to that logo.	&gt; *plz don't ~~vote rape me~~ take our best player again* newlinechar  newlinechar **FTFY**
Work expands to fill time given.  I preach it at work. 	That'd make a nice office poster for executives.
A quick video would probably help. Happy cake day :)	seconded on the video. Awesome job though
And if they didn't take the money, neither would have gotten shot OR gone to jail.	What a novel idea.... don't rob people.
Once back in high school a friend argued that a local team was so terrible they wouldn't go undefeated even if they had Ladainian Lomlinson in his prime playing both sides of the ball.	To be fair though, Ladainian Lomlinson is kind of a nobody. Even in his prime. newlinechar  newlinechar It could go either way.
This is my random thought triggered by the word 'lottery', but I win a dollar every time I don't buy a lottery ticket.	That's cool. I don't have a dollar to win.
Thanks for the PM. Consider it sent!	Thanks a tonne!
I laughed way too hard at that	And then you told us about it. Grand.
I assume you're not posting on Reddit from your DS....	I don't have a computer. I'm posting from my iPhone. 
Do you have tips for going around upskirting people without getting arrested?	[Good show sir.](http://i.imgur.com/XlWpT.gif)
May as well be named SRS detector.	It is.
'Excuse me, I heard rumours that there is a sale going on here. Is that true?'	'I was wondering if you had any video games?'
I may not be completely right, but I believe its a wireless accelerometer. I don't know the exact details of what it is affecting in the effects setup though. I think someone further down said it is controlling a pitch shifter.  newlinechar 	That is CORRECT....although it is connected to an envelope filter, not a pitch shifter.
That's true. I hope Swansea get him; they've been great but they need a goal threat, and he's proven himself.	I hope he signs for them, failing that as good as he's been I hope we don't sign him. There is no way I can think of that we could come out of it looking good.
Wrong, it's from having their hands pressed against a police car all the time.	assuming the position!
&gt;christianity is more about sex  newlinechar  newlinechar Is that really what you wanted to say?? 	hmmm, worded badly, i'll edit it, thanks for pointing that out to me
If only that were possible...	/r/ideasfortheadmins maybe?
How was he to you?	Probly shitty
I guess I'm a little luckier, I was able to find the GN at 335 here in Romania (VAT 24% included), but now I can't decide between this and the S2 which I can get at pretty much the same price :/	You guys are lucky,you have cheap and fast internet and cheap smartphones! newlinechar I would go for the nexus just because of the updates.
Objects? Why?	For some reason they hate columbia and mutualists, despite us letting both in before. newlinechar 
It wasn't. That is around double what you should have been doing to it in rakata.	TORkount is probably bugged then. I'll try to get some screenshots/combat logs newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Yeah nevermind it was some wierd crap with TORkount. I rechecked again just now and i was doing about 1300-1600 sorry for the confusion.
Actually meg means only 'me'... Til means 'To' in Norwegian =) newlinechar  newlinechar I was a bit confused when I first started to use reddit 	Does that mean if you are dissapointed in something you say you can tell your self 'Shut up Meg' 
So LXC would be ideal in scenarios where you would want to separate web applications? LXC would be perfect for shared web hosting?	That's what it's intended for 
SAAAAAAAP MAHHHHNNN!	Geeezeeers! 
I do now, you fucker. @_@	Oh god. I'm getting dizzy. @_@
Not true, she has many SAS.	There is only one Special Air Service.
Any proof?	Well, we already know of two of his sockpuppets, ProbablyHittingOnYou and Bechus. Who else spends 24 hours a day on reddit and gets nearly 400k comment karma in 3 months? That's no amateur poster.
Nope, it's just his weird dress sense. 	I can't understand why someone downvoted my comment; the situation is hilarious 
Sugars.  newlinechar  newlinechar An I you're not into females... Chuck E Cheese. 	Hmmm... Sugars might work, but would probably be too expensive and distracting for mapping out strategy, but I like the way you think.
From what I can see, Ahri's early/mid game got nerfed, but her late game got buffed. Your usual build should be ok considering that when you reach late game, it shouldn't matter all too much.	How did her late game get buffed?
Whoever downvoted you is a dick. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm female and gay, degrading women *is* hot when they're into it. 	Yeah, but they have to want it. *Really* bad. More than I do. Bad enough to debase themselves for it.
I still drop this line every once in a while. People think I'm witty, even if I'm not.	I get the same thing whenever I qoute firefly or doctor who, or really any show I watch or game I play theat my friends don't.
Please do not post this here. This is not what this subreddit is for. This is a *quiet* place, where a minor administrative task is carried out.	Where would you suggest (s)he post it? I'm not being condescending, I would just like to know so I could look at that probably-more-controversial subreddit. I love watching the drama.
Can I ask why? Of all the things missing it seems like beds would be somewhat low on the priority list. No real need to reset your spawn point since the world is so small. Don't like night maybe?	Yeah, I am really cautious of Zombies, so I rarely go outside at night, just retreat to one of my bases. I personally would just like to sleep it through!
And before it was on r/Imgoingtohellforthis, I saw a lot of them on r/4chan, and that's all shamelessly taken from 4chan itself.  The re-post cycle does not stop from getting longer.	Lets be honest, 90% of this thread is 'Things Frankie Boyle has said on stage or Mock The Week'
What I thought was insult to injury was Lambert trying to resign so that Villa didn't have to pay compensation. A dick move if ever I've seen one.	After all he's done for Norwich he wasn't even given permission to talk to Villa. I don't blame him for his actions after that at all.
The hate mixed with stupid in that thread is disappointing, but expected.  Interesting that the biggest defender of the revisionist opinion is an arrogant convert, non native Arabic speaker...	I'd substitute 'pathetic' for 'interesting', but yes ... newlinechar  newlinechar I haven't seen the interloper joeflux before, but he did have a few of them twisting and turning late in the thread. 
Because Iraq and Afghanistan aren't enough, lets commit an act of war against Iran as well. newlinechar  newlinechar Give this man another Nobel Peace prize ASAP!	To be entirely fair, these were all Bush administration initiatives that Obama has allowed to continue.
&gt; I couldn't imagine ~~being a homosexual~~ living in Texas ~~an not carrying a pistol~~. newlinechar  newlinechar FIFY newlinechar  newlinechar Spiteful Okie expat here.	The only reason Texas has not fell into the gulf of Mexico. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar OKLAHOMA SUCKS. 
i learned my lesson	&gt;http://i.imgur.com/OW0NE.png newlinechar  newlinechar Doesn't look like it, do everyone a favor and stop using any type of smiles on the internet, it doesn't look cute and it isn't fun. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 
I have failed at commenting againg .....but I shall come back with more!	And againg.
Runescape quests are the best! So far I haven't seen any rpg produce better quests.	Couldn't agree more. They were just so intricate for what the engine consisted of (referring to Runescape Classic)
That is a pretty smart cat.	[](/rpuddycat) [](/b04) Cats are natural overlords, well versed in the use of biological tools.
Aren't unicorns supposed to be nice?	No, you're thinking of My Little Pony.
http://i.imgur.com/I7xO0.jpg	awesome.. may I keep it on my desktop?
Why can't you guys finish a god dALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOFISH	All of you need to snap ouALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOFISH
[Well, fuck!](http://youtu.be/zedHt5wwBt0) newlinechar  newlinechar  **NSFW**	&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;
My uncle also found a little kitten stuck behing their barn wall, he tore most of that wall down to get the little guy. Ironically, we named him Wally	Aww, we named her Houdini because we can never find her in the house
Your mum still keeps in her bedside drawer.	you've earned your name evilbob
He put gum in Britta's hair. newlinechar 	Get his bag.
Your spear and magic helmet?	Spear and magic helmet!
This 'gameplay' trailer looks entirely QTE. 	Really? Even the part where she's jumping, sneaking, hunting deer, and shooting bad guys? 
You should read up on Bernays, the Gov't sure has.  newlinechar  newlinechar At least they allowed the hippie movement to gain traction before completely subverting it.  This generation of freethinkers and dissidents were met with preemption, rather than reaction. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 	i think that the government is using the enforcement arm in a very ugly way. lived through this kind of thing more then once. hopefully the 'glorious Obama' will be kinder then Nixon or Ronny rayGun.
I have no friends :(	I wrote a message to LoL forum's LFG section and got a team. We climbed to top 30 in eune after couple months.
WTF? I don't remember. Rattle my cage.	The nihilists. newlinechar  newlinechar http://dudespaper.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/nihilistandcricketbat.jpg newlinechar  newlinechar 
Still, 80% seems absurdly low for top 25 o,O	I'm sceptical about the reliability of this IAMA. OP claims he has A* in mathematics A-level, but to get that you would need an average of 90% in C3 + C4. It's possible for OP to get 100% on C3 and make up the grade, but I'm not buying it.
It's not offensive, but my favourite Jimmy Carr joke is: newlinechar  newlinechar 'If you have a parrot, and you don't teach it to say 'Help! They've turned me into a parrot!' then you are wasting everybodys time.'	I like 'I don't have a girlfriend, but I do know a woman who'd be very mad to hear me say that.'
German here with some insight into the tar pit that is Siemens. Let me summarise the situation: [Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanlon%27s_razor) newlinechar 	Hah, if they invested some of their bribery money into R&amp;D maybe they wouldn't have such worthless products. 
Wilbraham was released, I'm thinking Jordan Rhodes and/or Yakubu.	Feed the Yak!
Some African dialects I've heard are hard to understand. But I imagine they'll get closer to standard English again because of increasing connectivity.	&gt;But I imagine they'll get closer to standard English again because of increasing connectivity. newlinechar  newlinechar This doesn't happen. Dialects continue to diverge, and 'global connectivity' has no effect. American dialects are diverging faster today than before the era of TV and the internet.
&gt;[mfw](/http://i.imgur.com/Dr8uG.jpg)	####YOUR LINK newlinechar  newlinechar ###IS FUNNY
use your pings. newlinechar  newlinechar get dunked.	&gt;get dunked nooblord
The cat is called Mike Wazowski, on account of him only having one eye. He's my baby. xoxo	Mike Wazowski!  Sorry, I have to yell that in Boo's voice whenever I hear the name. lol .)  (One eye for Mike)
well to be fair it mostly looks like black people, hispanics, and broke college kids who couldn't afford tickets. 	&gt; Go find a black person next time you watch them newlinechar  newlinechar Westbrook, Durrant, Harden, Ibaka, Perkins...
I never even knew there were books. 	There are several, written by Edgar Rice Burroughs, the same guy who wrote Tarzan. I've read the first four books and they're a load of fun. Not deep, but absolutely enjoyable.
How do you set things on fire? Is it done with magma, or is there another way and does temperature need to be enabled in the init file?	Temerature does need to be on, and without mods, I believe magma is the easiest way to do it.
And engies can get up there without a wrangler.	I'll ask for the sake of any lurkers: How?
His last little 'mew' was either 'thanks!' or 'fucker!' my cat translator is playing up.	Actually the words 'thanks' and 'fucker' are the same in cat-language.
I shall trust in the retardditard. =D	12 souls to go.
I was just wondering the same when I read the title! 	Don't judge us.
Oh I've also heard that one lots. Magpie and Sheba are my fur babies. Both rescued. I've gone through too much with them to even consider giving them up! 	Excellent names for cats.  
I'm sorry that you got downvoted, but this newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; people can't get any girls back home so they come to Asia newlinechar  newlinechar happens all the fucking time.	People in general have a difficult time handling the truth, hence the downvotes...
Yeah, I'm strangely more fascinated by the chain than the bucket.  	Seriously. It is one hell of a set up. I wish there was a video of it in work. That would be such a sight. I would love a link of chain like that in my yard lol. 
Anyone customer here, fuck Comcast.	Comcast is the comcast of the cable world
nope, spec ops camo is the only one with any beneficial impact. it's balanced though because even on teheran highway it's still largely visible in normal vision. 	In hardcore, camos can be beneficial
Yes, that's exactly what they do.   newlinechar This also works with 'kitten', 'baby', 'dog', 'military', 'minecraft', 'my [insert family member here]', 'ACTA', 'Ron Paul', 'NSFW' and many others.	'My Ron Paul did this... So adorable. What do you guys think?'
And how many one-horned goats have you heard of? It makes sense that Jon/Ghost wouldn't know it was a unicorn, having never seen one.	Well it said large horned goat so horned is singular and plural. 
The worst is being from Houston and a Rockets fan and having to constantly explain the difference between Spurs and *the Spurs*. It's subtle, but there's a difference.	Same. Phoenix fan here. I have to specify which one I love and which one I hate. Love Spurs. Fuck the Spurs.
Your dad must work fast!	nah, his mom's just a slut
Not only did they not get that it was insensitive, they refused to understand it after it was spelled out for them. 	Humans... u__u
maybe we should make a subreddit which goes in cycles and reposts everything from every day's frontopage?	/r/all
Well that's my Halloween costume for this year sorted.	Which one?
With such a proficiency in English, why do you have the game localized to your native language?	Now that's a very good guestion. No idea really, it was like that as default, I just didn't change it. But yeah, as all the stuff is in Finnish, it might be a big weird to discuss about stuff in WoT. newlinechar  newlinechar Brb, changing it to English.
I feel kind of awkward about 'gals' but I cant quite verbalise why. And lassie feels so condescending to me. It feels like the equivalent of girls just from another culture.  newlinechar  newlinechar Also, nice to see the downvote brigade out today.	I feel the same way about 'gals', sounds like my grandfather, so it seems very old-fashioned to me, and I personally associate old-fashioned with 'sexist'.
They should start playing this whenever someone threatens suicide. Either they start laughing their ass off or they hear two words and get it over with.	But what if they are standing on the edge of a cliff and they start ROFLMAO'ing but theres no F to LMAO
A fair number of independents hold a positive view of Bill Clinton, but are unsure about recalling Scott Walker.	I honestly don't think there are many undecided voters out there.  newlinechar  newlinechar Bill Clinton isn't coming to get swing voters, he's coming to get the left out to vote.
Embrace. Extend. Extinguish.	How in the hell does that apply here. I know it is a popular quote in this subreddit but I don't think everyone knows what it means and just throws it out for karma.
THIS MAN ASKS THE REAL QUESTIONS	Just spitballing here, but could OP be one of those guys trying to prove to their friends 'how gullible reddit is'? We've had plenty of those before.
ANS Anodized axe, DM5 with UL frame, Pump I've posted before. newlinechar 	Is that the CCM T2 pump? I forget.
I always carry shears, mostly for webs and wool. I'd never waste my sword for it.	It takes two uses out of the sword anyway. Seeing a lp'er use his godly enchant sword on webs makes me cringe. 
You can click it to make it come back im thinkign	Yeah I just read that in the PBE patch notes... Still a little confused about if you don't call it back yourself though.
Haha, I dont think its interesting enough.	You haven't read many books if you don't think this is interesting enough. There are much more boring books out there. 
I hope they don't tally this as a rattlesnake kill. He died of stupid.	And now I really want to know if this is factored into the statistics. I'm going to bet they still count it.
Thanks newlinechar  newlinechar As an Aussie can I clear something up? newlinechar  newlinechar When you say sausage do you mean like a hotdog shaped sausage or a burger patty?	Lol breakfast sausage like sausage patties
can't tell if serious or sarcastic 	Yes...
It went well for me,he didn't really care that much since he was always pretty much secular.It turns out he's not really a Muslim but just says so because people would talk bad about him.It finally makes sense though,he never talks about god,never prayed,drank,never fasted either.	Doesnt take a genius to figure out he isn't very religious :P 
Ah, I see. I didn't get that from the image.	Yeah, I too have no idea what's going on in this image. With more clarity the image could get a lot more karma.
The chopper is only $20. get it now before it's way more on ebay.	im in the UK so its 20, but it's already ordered and dispatched
Thanks for the info! These prices look a lot cheaper than the ritualist equivalents. Would it be worth rolling a ranger just for these cheaper armor when going for 30/50 HoM?	No because you still have to pay hundreds of platinum for weapons and it all evens out. If you have already put time into your rit just keep going with it, time is the biggest resource you spend when you fill out your HoM
Dude, that's Betty Windsor. She is nails and know how to do that thumb thing Sean Connery does in The Presidio. Don't fuck with her. The last person who did was involved in a car accident in Paris...	heh, I'm Irish... so I guess my comment was influenced by that fact. Edit to clarify: My comment was a joke... I don't really want the queen to take an SA-80 butt to the nose... royals should be on the business end of rifles ;)
I'm just glad that someone got it.	Please explain!
what about aboriginal and arab criminals? They must drive you nuts	Yes but they will soon be dealt with by **PRIME MINISTER TONY ABBOTT'S FASCIST THEOCRACY** ^TM
Since When?	Since when has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like??
woad*	Wwjd
Well yeah, you gotta find out...	For science, right?
surely you mean camelshit.	Of course not. Horses pulled Egyptian chariots. newlinechar 
So it's a LOTR dungeon-crawler? Presumably?  newlinechar  newlinechar Actually, judging by how wildly inaccurate MMO trailers are, I will go ahead and assume this is a turn-based resource management game.	It's an online battle arena game like DotA
I must say I'm a bit jealous.   But I'm glad you got to experience such a beautiful and wonderful place. :)	This is more of an open call for people to visit :) That's why I also have been working on the Redditor's guide to Tokyo - I want people to come by!
Over here I've never seen a private guard or security people at a bank, other than the people, who are not armed, carrying money from or to a truck. Cops and military police (airports etc.) bear arms, the rest doesn't, not even pepper spray.	Well, here in the U.S., the citizens have guns. Doesn't it make sense for the people guarding all the money to have them too?
When Jrgen Prochnow says 'I start to feel all cooped up in these U-Boats; I had a bad experience once. ' It always makes me smile.	Watching Beerfest always makes me want to pop in Das Boot afterwards.
 Gimme a break.	His stomach was making the rumblies.
Tis for sale! I'm thinking about doing another one with spaghetti arabic letters hehe	I checked out and bookmarked your Facebook page (found through IDAP) and if you still do requests, I might want to discuss something later this summer. I really like your work and it's given me an idea for a wedding gift. 
Confusing story, bro.	I think it has something to do with her grandparents immigrating from Puerto Rico and then they fell out of love. One of them got adopted by a puppy.
I agree with the sign behind Ziggler when he enters the ring. 	There was even a small 'Let's Go Ziggler' chant
I don't get it.  I honestly don't.	'Looking forward to coming home to see newlinechar 'Get His Wallet' newlinechar  newlinechar As in, I am doing this for the money, wow...having to explain your joke is really just a turnoff! LOL.
Sort of. Its made using isomalt sugar, which is often used for low-sugar/diabetic candy, but if you eat too much it acts like a strong laxative.	I love this art.  I love it even more that you've made a dragon out of laxatives. 
Help...Me...stuck...TV Tropes...	There is no hope.
That was my favorite MF moment out of all 3 seasons. YOU POKED THE BEAR, GIRLS! YOU POKED HIM!	[*SWEET AND SOUR CHICKEN!*](http://vimeo.com/40369505)
Circlejerk surrounds us  penetrates us; it binds reddit together.	Circlejerk is Reddit. Reddit...is...Circlejerk.
[GIF comparison](http://i.imgur.com/LUJ7O.gif)	you are doing god's work, son
Millions:1 = President newlinechar  newlinechar *trollface*	Millions:1/2
Where did you work where you got to leave early for finishing your work?  10 years in IT here and if I get my tasks done sooner than planned I just get more work assigned.	The joys of managing a one man department. Finishing my work meant there was no more to be done. 
That's hot.  You should probably switch to compact fluorescent bulbs to avoid burning the shade.	Thanks, that's a bright idea.
Before this update, the rocket jumper had 100% damage vulnerability to almost everything (fire damage, explosions, bullets). This update removed the vulnerabilities so it is considered a buff. 	Ahh, thanks. Makes sense now.
No it's not.  A measure for 'average' salary should be the salary at the 50% level, the median in other words.  That 60k figure is a badly skewed mean.	average is the mean, not the median; but Median is a more reflective measure of how egalitarian a society is.
This is [r/athiesm](http://reddit.com/r/athiesm), a common misspelling of the larger [r/atheism](http://reddit.com/r/atheism).	Not sure if part of joke...
What sort of pulling exercises are there for the chest?	Pullups and rows do hit the chest since the pecs do extension when the arm is in a flexed position. newlinechar  newlinechar But yes, as AmericanTransplant said you want to do them to balance your back out with your front mostly.. not just for the chest.
It would be cool if Amon was just a puppet. A man being played by a powerful spirit. Amon thinks the spirit gave him energy bending to equalize the world but in fact the spirit is just using him.	Would make sense with the rumours of the second season being 'Book 5: Spirit'
white background would help hide the wires, and lower your bubble ladder will help increase co2 flow :)	White you think so ? I wanted to put a black background to increase the green color of the hemianthus newlinechar And i'm gonna change the pipes, for AquaticMagic glass Lily Pipes.
Where are the WINGS	On my other board...
I like how you've sacrificed your own comment karma for a stranger's. Truly a martyr! 	While I'm generally not a fan of comments whose purpose is just to say that someone else deserves upvotes, I felt -19 was a bit harsh so I upvoted him. People love to kick a man while he's down.
except the language?	The official language of some states is American.  I wish I was joking.
Not everyone is a scumbag.	Doing that makes you a scumbag? What kinda prudish kid were you? I've had it done TO ME countless times and it's nothing more than a joke. Kinda like 'damn, you got me!'.  newlinechar  newlinechar Man up
Christ kid, just smoke some weeds.	Srsly. Easier to get, gets you high better, a better high, and better for you. 
Spent the time to edit your comment yet didn't add *sure*?!?! Interesting.	Shit.
viewmodel_fov 90	I prefer 85. The original looks weird at 90.
And now I'm imagining him slapping my ass and then general mayhem ensues... newlinechar  newlinechar *Wistful sigh*	This comment thread made my entire FUCKING day!
Yeah, you're right.  *sigh* newlinechar  newlinechar I'm going to see if I can have some shape to my body without being too much.	&gt; I'm going to see if I can have some shape to my body without being too much. newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah, you wouldn't want to accidentally get really jacked. newlinechar  newlinechar Seriously?  Don't worry about overdoing it.  It won't happen.
Stopped reading at the 'crazy stuff' part. Probable stupid teen hipster detected.	I stopped at 'continuously try to be cooler than the cool friends you should make'
From a team who can stand against navi to this. What?	No TI2 invite.
Your friends aren't redditors are they.	Nope.
Due to randomness and all that, it can actually happen like ten times in a row. There's nothing stopping that from happening. It's just extremely unlikely. newlinechar  newlinechar Probability always mindfucks me, and it isn't even considerate enough to lube up first.	Does entropy matter when considering stats and how well the deck is shuffled.
Are you agreeing with your own submission? 	someone forgot to switch accounts...
[Yeah, how about Sweden?] (http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/05/16/sweden-sweden-as-conservative-icon/)	So Krugman's trump card against Swedish prosperity is a chart that shows spending changes 'relative to previous year'?  newlinechar  newlinechar I am unswayed by this evidence.
that is done for reddit karma against real life karma. but the important think is that he might have saved the cat. that's real life karma	Twist: he didn't. He just took the photo and left the cat there.
I've never seen anyone ride that that before.  That is one of the best video's I've ever seen.  Amazing.	Have you seen the one with the gyroscopic camera?  Looks pretty cool, even if it wasn't to set a record time.
Shoes are dope dude. You really should get a website and setup a side business project. Posting to reddit/gaming is always going to nail you customers. 	Couldn't agree more. If you love doing this as much as I think you would why not make it into a legit business?
You should probably read up on what Wi-Fi is then. Unless of course he's actually claiming they'll have the fucking internet on Mars...	I know what Wifi is, but I don't quite understand how it would be useful without the Internet. I suppose it can be used internally, but somehow I doubt they'll let you bring your futuristic shape-shifting smart phone to Mars.
I tried that too, but the profile doesn't show up. Any other way i could do it? newlinechar I would really like to help, you deserve this.	Thank You very much! :) If both the link and direct search don't work, you may try another browser. No idea what may cause this if not something connected to the browser.
Ned Ryerson; I dated your sister Mary-Pat until you told me not to anymore.	OH!(not sure) Ned! how are you?
Actually, there are bills with in god we trust [dating back to the Civil War](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In_God_we_trust).	It says there are coins dating back to 1864. For paper currency, it's 1957.
fucker	Thank you mother thanker.
He reminded me of Biff from Back to the Future.	Why don't you make like a tree and get outta here?
Blender and mcobj-gui.	Come visit us at /r/jmc2obj
Yes but they will soon be dealt with by **PRIME MINISTER TONY ABBOTT'S FASCIST THEOCRACY** ^TM	don't ever forget the trademark
This guy knows his stuff, i just checked this on google maps and it checks out.	yeah but look at the map on your screen, those gaps of water are never more than a few inches across. newlinechar  newlinechar He could walk there.
I agree with your agreement. If you are going to have such a policy you do have to be understanding that some people are going to be unable to attend.	Well then, we're agreed :D newlinechar 
Well, there's still China and the rest of Asia that doesn't really use facebook. So there is room for growth. 	My wife is Chinese and uses renren, which is pretty much a verbatim copy of facebook. So maybe not...
As long as it doesn't magically happen (instantly) then I'm fine with that. I just don't think people should go to something made for its realistic game mechanics and complain that it isn't like other modern shooters. If I misunderstood the meaning I apologize. 	I agree, I think it should be a right click 'combine magazines' action in the Gear menu that would take time to perform.
That's a recent thing. xkcd may not have been hilarious, but it was at one point worth reading. It usually had something interesting or mildly amusing to say. Now it's the Garfield of webcomics.	It's like the Big Bang Theory. Obvious jokes peppered with science words to make their viewers feel smart.
Death would be too kind	Yes but dragging it out would only satisfy our sickly desire for revenge for our benefit. Take away his consciousness and return his matter to the world and let it be over with.
You should just be a Saints fan, where hating Roddy White is actually very rewarding. Also you'd get to say 'Who Dat' newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar But seriously, fuck Roddy White. He's a fucking douchebag. I like a lot of Falcons players, but he just sucks	You... *like* Falcons players?
terrorism/terrizm/ newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Noun: The use of violence and intimidation in the pursuit of political aims. newlinechar  newlinechar Um, no	It was an act of sabotage against government assets by a foreign nation. You can damn well bet the US would call it terrorism if it happened here.
I'd rather US guests weren't plugging their appliances directly into UK mains, thanks very much...	Why not? (serious question, I'm curious)
I recommend The Doors, Riders on the storm. its nonpony but awesome.	I just love that song, own the album (it was on L.A. Woman, I think).
His stomach was making the rumblies.	That only hands could satisfy
For your information Zoidberg is single because he's revolting.	It's because he's hideous.
Yeap, Roy :D	Gentle Irish Roy. Im glad to have you as my side as I awake...
That shirt is fandoodlytastic neighborino!	Yeah, everyone tells me its diddly awesome
&gt;Mars One will finance the mission by creating the biggest media event ever  newlinechar  newlinechar Whatever dude. Just don't blame me when you end up jerkin it in San Diego.	Kony is has escaped to Mars using child-soldier manned spacecraft.. the UN is powerless - SOCIAL MEDIA WILL FIND HIM! newlinechar  newlinechar 
No, because bath salts can desensitise you from pain. He might not have realized he was being shot.	Is bath salts some sort of code? Or is it actually... bath salts?
Damn.  Being roughly your height, I can confidently say that your friend is quite short.  And that you are both quite attractive (in a non internet-creeper way.  purely observatory.)	internet-creeper here. would like the same photo without clothes. for science.
Even more proof that SwiftKey is a pretty cool company, producing a pretty awesome keyboard!  newlinechar  newlinechar   newlinechar Enjoy your Jubilee weekend!    	*cough* *cough* and they're [hiring](http://www.swiftkey.net/careers) *cough* *cough* newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar ... who said that?
Cats have a third eyelid. It might indicate an illness. I'd take the cat to the vet. newlinechar  newlinechar Links... [1](http://www.scientificamerican.com/article.cfm?id=why-do-cats-have-an-inner) and [2](http://petside.co.uk/health/q_my_cats_3rd_eyelid_keeps_covering_her_eyes_what_could_this_be.php)	Awesome, thanks for the info; we'll see what we can do.
G-G-G-G-UNIT!	###*Word*.
Your comment only made me want to click on it more... newlinechar  newlinechar -edit- So I did.	/r/SpaceClop 
That's a bit disappointing. I spent most of my time in Dresden around the museums, churches and the blue wonder. Only really wandered around the area surrounding Lolli's at night when I wanted currywurst. newlinechar  newlinechar Ah well, it's just given me another reason to return to Dresden. 	https://maps.google.dk/maps?q=dresden&amp;hl=da&amp;ll=51.067776,13.755451&amp;spn=0.004639,0.013937&amp;sll=55.869147,11.228027&amp;sspn=4.217472,14.27124&amp;t=h&amp;hnear=Dresden,+Sachsen,+Tyskland&amp;z=17 newlinechar  newlinechar It's right in the middle, Kunsthofpassage, and Lollis is just up the street :)
I'll never understand why they always demo games on consoles. It ALWAYS looks worse.	I think BF3 was an exception to the rule then, they always demoed it on PC for trailers and gameplay. 
(From: joffereyslayerofhearts@ironthrone.org) newlinechar  newlinechar Sup uncle. Just informing you that I took the throne. You coming to the party for Ned Stark's death??	(From: [1] renlythedramamama@stormsend.org) newlinechar  newlinechar Of course I'll support you...LOL JK No one wants you for their King, bro.
Shit.	haha, no worries. I just always find it fascinating when we justify the '*' in our post by letting the community know why we came back to edit a comment. Now my comment is just hanging out there to explain your Edit edit! ^internet^high^five
I think it's because the guy was gonna pay premium for him	You must be some kind of genius since you were able to describe it
Yeah, but they have to want it. *Really* bad. More than I do. Bad enough to debase themselves for it.	I'm not that faffed myself, as long as it's consensual.
Nobody is saying real apprenticeships are bad,  I'm 30 and if someone offered me one I'd jump at the chance (just about to finish electrical installation course). newlinechar  newlinechar But when you see factory operative apprenticeships being advertised, you know these companies are taking the piss.	Subway Sandwich Artist apprentice
Disagree on the first one. Who wouldn't like to 'sip on some sizzurp' with RGIII?	gotta love the purple drank! 
I mean, winning the prize means nothing about integrity, dude.	If you're going to state that a well respected scientist is selling out you should at least substantiate your claim. Not blindly accept it and click upvote.  newlinechar  newlinechar But yes, I agree with your statement, still, back it up. 
Holy crap! They're sentient! I don't know about you guys, but I welcome our new feline overlords.	Not only that, they've developed Monkey Butlers long before I got mine!
That bear could whoop some serious ass.	Looks to me like he could conduct some serious Mauler. I'll show myself out. 
But people don't want the right answer! They want a simple answer instead.	Exactly. Something along the lines of r/AskScienceGetSimpleAnswers
the average man should be fine with about 10 tentacles a day. a Japanese man obviously has no daily limit on tentacle intake though.	man?
*your	It's the olde Englishe spellinge
Thanks my friend, I got a 2TB USB Drive at my disposal. I did think about getting the Hard drive adapter for the optical drive bay so i could use the 500GB but maybe another time.	That's what I wound up doing. Haven't missed the Superdrive at all.
&gt;120 comment karma newlinechar  newlinechar Hm...	She said he cares about karma, she never said anything about being good at getting it
Awesome Show.	great job.
This is awesome!!! Keep up the good work!	I will :)
Probably just hasn't noticed the built in locks that go between the spokes of the rear wheel. We don't tend to have those in the states. Have to lock everything down or it goes in the back of a truck, even motorcycles.	I think this is probably it... I'll take a closer look.  But yeah, I have to chain my bike to a tree in the states or else it disappears.
This is the point no one here wants to address.  /r/cooking isn't very vegetarian or vegan friendly, honestly.	I'm totally vegetarian friendly. Some of my best friends are vegetarians. But I, personally, am not.  newlinechar 
Sometimes I wonder why some redditors become so elitist. This is why I stick to small Subreddits usually.	I wouldn't call this elitist, I'd say it comes across more as an attentionstarved dick trying to prove a point
I think Silzer is trying to tell you that you broke it.	God damnit he deleted, What did he say?  
Where do you think the video surfaced? Darknet..	Luka himself was the one who uploaded it.  He wanted it to be found.  Unlikely he posted it into Darknet, or else it probably never would seen MSM internet.
It was probably a drop bear resting, after a night of murderous rampage. 	^ THIS. I will NEVER tire of telling poor European backpackers about our vicious drop-bear plague! 
DOT TUMBLR DOT COM	I know this reference but I don't know where from!? Xkcd perhaps??
I'm not a whore :(	[but i like to do it](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E5RUh9zamDE#t=0m33s)
Jesus, shorts and t shirts? I would have been thrown out of the club for doing that! newlinechar  newlinechar Very impressive otherwise. :)	HOSE, TURNSHOES, AND GAMBESONS 4 LYFE
The movie is Groundhog Day. I browsed through the top like 15 comments and it wasn't even mentioned.	'Then put your little hand in mine, there ain't no hill or mountain we can't climb...'
It's pi.	... thanks. Still feel dumb. :(
Multiple dwarf-&gt; Dwarrow.	I still use dorfs. :(
In Borneo?	I just saw your edit, didn't realise you were specifically talking about borneo
Sweet, delicious Karma. That, and personal vilification. 	*validation?
Your point? I haven't seen an argument from you as to why the AR is irrelevant to the modern teachings of historical GB.	We're more concerned about prehistory, Roman occupation, The Tudors, the Industrial Revolution, the colonisation of Australia, the colonisation of India, the Irish Potato Famine, World War One, the Depression, World War Two, the loss of India and the Troubles. Amongst other things.
do you really expect anyone to read all that shit?	tl;dr  newlinechar  newlinechar Fag1: I'm the fucking shit!!! newlinechar  newlinechar Fag2: Nuh-uh, Fuck you FAGGOT!
None. I get why you asked though. 	It's possible (although highly unlikely) that the station tank was mistakenly replenished with diesel. 
Honestly, that could have gone a LOT worse. Also, congrats on the shirt!	It *would've* gone a lot worse if I had done it. I think. I have 5 flipping pony t-shirts in my closet, and I never wear them because I'm scared to. :S
countless fans? what? when did this happen?	'Countless fans' here means 'about a dozen people who had blogs and screwdrivers.' I took mine apart, didn't you?
*You're. Also **YOU'RE** an idiot there's no god. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: [Hey Reddit, look at this screenshot of me laying the smack down on a fundie! I even waited 106 milliseconds.](http://i.imgur.com/PcOI7.jpg)	Your bravery knows no bounds.  Will you sign my copy of The God Delusion?  An upvote for me is a downvote for the fundies.
I agree. Everyone in my local meta was playing u/w variants for the longest time and I eventually dropped Thrun from my board cause he just got imaged every time. I hate Image :/	Thrun by design is a bitch to remove and has troll in his name on purpose. Making him a format defining bomb is a mistake. Phantasmal image was too universally good but a useful answer to a bitch of a bomb is appropriate.
Good luck and be grateful you don't have to be pregnant until mid-August. I wish you a quick, and easy labor when it does finally happen for you.	Thank you! Good luck with the rest of your pregnancy, and keep cool!
[Source.](http://askumfluttershy.tumblr.com/post/8027734075)	[](/colgate 'Thank You. Just what I was looking for!')
How did her late game get buffed?	Increased ap ratios on the nerfed abilities.
Gylfi Sigurdsson? Nothing wrong with that if you ask me. Hell, let's give 'em Adam in return!	Would Hoffenheim want Adam?
Only if I can be the chick that cuddles with her zombie sister. 	I wanna be the crafty Asian guy. He's a badass. 
you have to download a special driver and configure the settings on the controller. it was too complicated for me so i just bought a wired 360 controller	Thanks!
maybe just your browser configuration?.. I see no left margin	No it's the subreddit style. Realised I can turn it off in the sidebar. Maybe you've got all subreddit styles turned off?
You're a Westerosi atheist.  Didn't know that was an option ;)	Tough position to have with all the magic and souls flying around. Closest thing that you have to an active deity is Bran and the weirwood network.
Weston, FL	Then that would be Western High, not Weston if it were in Weston, FL
Kill the weak.  Eliminate the sick. Let only the strong survive. Every Man (and woman) For Himself!  Altruism is death!   newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah, sign me up for that world.......	Did we watch the same video?  Kill the weak? newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar 
'The X1 uses a mass close to 100 times the size of the weight in a typical vibrator' newlinechar  newlinechar I like this idea.	This does not sound like it was written by a physicist.  newlinechar  newlinechar Source: in grad school for physics. 
[If you're into it...](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pY8jaGs7xJ0)	This is my favorite song from that show.
See, that isn't very nice.	It's the only way to avoid things that ruffle your tender sensibilities. 
STOP BREASTFEEDING THE CHILD IT HAS TEETH	Breastmilk has superior nutrition. In fact, baby teetch are called 'milk teeth' spmetimes, because they emerge while a child is still breatfeeding.
I have seen spray paint stripper and acetone both being used successfully. Have you thought about forcing a patina on the knife at all? 	&gt;Note: I do not want to put any sort of artificial patina on the blade. newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks though, I am still deciding on what method to use! newlinechar 
If you don't mind DFhack, you can use the clean command to get rid of the blood	or the spotclean command if you just want to get rid of little bits and leave other bits there :)
40 percent of the time, it works every time.	Cue all-caps comment about Brick just looking at things and saying that he loves them.
cool TIL	I have to admit, I didn't know about it until I first joined this r/pokemon. It is why the games got the message 'The internal battery has run dry'.
Thanks. I certainly think so. Offtopic, but to reward her for trying the espresso, I introduced her to nutella crepes.  She proceeded to order them with every meal for the remainder of the trip.  Maybe that's why the espresso never seemed quite so bitter.  http://i.imgur.com/8dYem.jpg	Your use of 'reward' sort of makes it sound like you're talking about a dog
[*wo braiv!*](/spoderman)[](//#couragewolf)	[*sut up*](/dolan)
[Actually, this guy.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cronus) newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I'm a HUGE mythology nerd.	Just as good.  Here, take my upvotes and um, me!  Swooooon.
[This site?](http://www.dmpipes.com/). OP is actually the maker of the pipes.	HA YES! thanks I was searching for that link for like twenty minutes while I wrote that. Oh no shit, that's dope. Homey has mad skills!
Well, almost.  It's looking good though. 	I thought they talked about Stannis not having any children in one of the earlier episodes.
this was hilarious to watch, especially due to the awkwardness which Artosis and Wolf presented whilst it was happening. 'hey look, their cuddling' with awkward smiles and not much else to say. OTR awkward moments never fail to shine through every episode.	'OTR awkward moments' implies that there are moments in that show that are non-awkward. I love it.
That's interesting, the OED says boys used be called 'Knave girls.' The term should be Danish in origin, most hard 'g' sounds came into English that way.	And if I remember the episode of QI correctly, girls were called 'Gay girls'.
`eventvwr` and ~~`services`~~ work just on their own for me (on W7 atm)	'Services' by itself launches services.exe, not the console you need.
*It's entirely logical that in the entire universe life only happened here.* newlinechar  newlinechar Kinda like: newlinechar  newlinechar The world is flat newlinechar Women determine the sex of the baby newlinechar Witches caused the plague  newlinechar Masturbation leads to blindness newlinechar One chooses to be gay 	Exactly like those. I mean honestly I woke up today and said 'You know what sounds great? Oppression. Let's try out this whole gay thing. It'll be fun.' Also careful not to fall off the edges of our flat world.
THE NAME IS ON THE DISK THAT'S ALL I CARE ABOUT	THAT IS WRONG AND YOU SHOULD FEEL WRONG
Glad to hear, same basic thing, my transmission was fine, just had to replace the gasket, and tighten up the pan, and no more leak. I flushed the old fluid and added new just because, and that seemed to help as well regarding the strength of shifts.	If the strength in shifts was noticeable then that must've been an awesome fluid. Makes me want to get a project car just so I could learn more about cars whilst actually doing stuff. Hope the Mustang is still going strong mate. I really appreciate the help. :)
I like your artistic use of white space!	I feel the anti-aliasing around the edges really brings out the softness of the cat's fur.
I plan to do updates to add variety to the textures, especially adding mob skin variants like you see with the chickens.	mob skins and leaves are the only bad part. the leaves look too man-made or something
im in the UK so its 20, but it's already ordered and dispatched	The chopper is pretty cool, but the detail on the minifigs is what really makes it shine.
This was clearly a joke, man.	That's just like your opinion, man.
He wasn't-- He was (US) American born in Mexico. His parents had moved there from the States. newlinechar  newlinechar I've heard speculation that that's because Romney's grandfather wanted to avoid US taxes, but I've never bothered to check if that's actually true. 	Nothing to do with taxes. It had to do with being a Mormon colonist. 
My Type prof used to say that when kerning you have to imagine filling up the space between letters with sand, and you have to pour the same amount of sand between each one, so you have to adjust each letter appropriately.	Also, if you can, try flipping it upside down (like a test print or proof). It's a good way at looking at the spaces between since you aren't so much focused on the words.
But we need to keep it on topic.  His time is valuable.  	Cmon guys, he's here to talk about Die Hard Five.
ha ha not sure why you're down voted, this kid obviously has more character than most people. 	Maybe because he unnecessarily insulted reddit's visitors, when the proper comparator would have been people in general.
Good for you man, I'm sorry you got downvoted though; no reason to.	you know how reddit can be sometimes
I'd say start with The Bends, and just go from there.  TKOL is a great album, really, and it will be more appreciated as you acquire the taste.	TKOL is great, but pretty bad to start out with. If you like electronic music you'll like In Rainbows, if you like rock you'll like the bends. Either way, after a while all of their albums will grow on you.
Planning on it. I've been lurking. 	Just replying so that I can say I've talked to a FUCKING PORNSTAR. And a good one at that I might add. Loved your stuff on x-art. 
We are the ones who can handle a grill, which makes us tasty and yummy.	Obviously.
Look for c418s AMA he talks about it a lot on there.	[Link](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/nbe2h/i_am_the_composer_and_sound_designer_of_minecraft/) to the AMA
Friggin' awesome!!! How long have you been there?	About five years now! I was born in Fairbanks, lived everywhere else in the lower 48, then my family got stationed back up here. 
Iced coffee.  	Thought it was cola. Missed opportunity to chastise :(
kinda glad about this, ever since he joined wolves nothing good has actually came out of it.	Unfortunately, another post seems to indicate this is it for Wolves entirely.
It would definitely be the worst business decision in the history of business decisions newlinechar  newlinechar I like to think people in general would have more sense than that	Yes, agreed.
Splintered chat, there's likely a cap per general chat around 100 people and after that a new one starts up. Keeps it from being ludicrously spammy.	i see, cool!
But they are the original poster of the image. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/uemu0/my_cat_is_too_fat_to_fit_in_his_new_cat_tree/	And the real owner of these adorable cats. 
You underestimate the ingenuity of idiots. 	If we try to make everything idiot proof, they will just make better idiots. -Einstein?
Avatar ist schlecht angekommen? Meine kleinen Schwestern (12 &amp; 9) htten kein Geschenk mehr gefeiert. Erstaunlich.	Weisste was... ich wrde das auch feiern, Avatar find ich echten Spa
Stilleto is a kind of knife, or dagger, whicheer you think is cooler	Also a type if high heel shoe so he could be swinging that too ...
I see Dolph &amp; Cody being the Cena &amp; Orton of the future.	Who as the face? I can't see either of them being faces, but we haven't got a good enough look at how they would work as one.
I see your God, and I call him 'weak'	 call him tryndaqueer
Not a fan of any of the 'dat ass' posts floating around the other parts of /reddit I take it?	Dat flair.
I just bought a used T2i body 2 weeks ago on ebay for $446 with shipping. Its practically mint with less than 2,000 actuations. I think your buddy wants too much for his. I'd say to wait or look elsewhere. 	Yeah, I don't think a good friend is going to charge that much. Hundred bucks more and he could have a new one. I'd say get a t2i body new and a wide fast prime.
I am a member of r/keto, and I agree with this statement. I only stay subscribed for the recipes and success stories.	The delicious, delicious recipes.
why man?	HEY HEEEEY newlinechar 
Which wife? 	Anyone
I would kill a bare with my bear hands. 	I would kill a bear with my bear bear.
[](/rpuddycat) [](/b04) Cats are natural overlords, well versed in the use of biological tools.	[](/ajsly 'Angel?') I thought that was bunnies...
Which one?	There's only one costume. Dress as an assassin, pay strippers to follow me around. Jumping out and jacking kids candy. I think it's pretty self explanatory.
If that's the latest edition, I can go to the supermarket this weekend to get it and post it to you.	It is the latest one, out today, if I'm not mistaken. I would love you forever.
So technically you would get practically perfect focus? newlinechar  newlinechar Also, you can't angle the tape measure if you know what I mean.  It seems like you would have to keep the tape measure perpendicular to that plane, no?	I'm a carpenter and this is correct
Because you are secretly an evil hamster?	No, I never really downvote at all. I've never even seen that account name. It's probably a glitch of some sort. newlinechar  newlinechar For [reference](http://i.imgur.com/rrqP6.png) and for some reason It says I've upvoted myself twice.
Jealous! :/ and I saw the collection at best buy for like 100 something!! why didnt I get it! That's when I barely gotten skyrim and want to see what the big deal about..	Some guy last week claimed to have got it from Gamestop on sale for $59.99.
If anyone has missed this clip about these 'Brinicles' or Icy Fingers of Death, take a look here: http://vimeo.com/33451801 newlinechar  newlinechar Mind boggling really.	Every time I see this, i feel sad for those poor little sea stars :(
And i'm a Groudon! Rawr!	Me too, GROUDON UNITE!
What I have noticed recently is that more and more gameloft games are getting support for a larger variety of devices.  newlinechar  newlinechar Nova3 can run on my mini Pro and recently order and Chaos Online works too. 	NOT MY DEVICE GODDAMMIT. 
It was probably that Ally Seedy.	Ha!  No doubt.  I like how they guy tried to sell his bag to other customers before he just ran.
You are Victoria Rae Black? Wow!!!	I am. It's true.
Right? That was my reaction also. My second was disappointment in that if you're a woman you can only get this in plus size.	Cafepress loves the thick bitches.
netdom renamecomputer newlinechar  newlinechar Can be scripted or run in batches....in a batch file of all places newlinechar  newlinechar http://support.microsoft.com/kb/298593 newlinechar 	awesome will have a look at monday :) newlinechar 
I used to cross lines but then I took an arrow to the knee!  newlinechar  newlinechar **Muahahahahaha!**	THE ONLY TIME THIS IS UPVOTED. WELL PLAYED
you guys should meet up IRL at the skatepark and chill. then take pics together and post to r/longboarding :D	I think he said *state* park, not *skate*park :]
If you listen to the radio, they already do...but you don't pay, the broadcaster does (a large blanket license)...because they are profiting from the music via advertising revenue.  You aren't profiting so don't worry about it.	They pointed out taverns as one of the venues that will have to pay - but in my experience, most taverns rely either on satellite radio subscriptions or local radio for their music. Guess the price of beer is going up.
Well, here in the U.S., the citizens have guns. Doesn't it make sense for the people guarding all the money to have them too?	I don't get the idea of carrying weapons all the time; things can get out of hand so much faster.
Because it can easily escalate from 'they're good looking actresses' to 'I'd tap that'.	[Boy...](http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/boy-that-escalated-quickly.jpg)
&gt;via twitter for iPhone newlinechar  newlinechar I think auto correct got him and he just couldn't be arsed to proof read 	I don't think auto correct got him, I think he typed it retardedly in the first place, assumed auto correct would fix it and he didn't have it turned on :P
How about Paint.NET? :) [Link](http://www.getpaint.net/) newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: You could also try [Pinta](http://pinta-project.com/) its multi-plataform.	I have nothing but good experiences with paint.net, it's a great little program for basic editing.
You look like a Euro DJ.	e's are good, e's are good, ebaneezer good.
Land of the free !	*not guaranteed. Your results may vary.
That was the color I was leaning towards actually!	Right on yo!
And, you know, since you get ~18 quadrillion IPv6 addresses in the average house, sharing a single IP is not longer necessary...  newlinechar http://www.comcast6.net/revolt.jpg	I like it! 
my 'meth' friend said exactly that! it's like meth with a gross twist! ughhhh, batshit crazy is right. stay the fuck away from bath salts.	 When meth heads say a drug is fucked up, you listen.  newlinechar  newlinechar You listen good.
He doesn't seem to know much about Paul. Very typical of his supporters. 	The arrogance and ignorance of this little shit-stain is just astonishing.
No, poetry is for elves.	Unless its written in blood...
I've been curious about paganism myself.	I will be trying to have a meet up sometime this summer if we can get any interest going. If not, perhaps we can still get together and answer some of your questions. Was there any particular pagan religion that interests you? 
I do want to read *Sweeping Space Opera of Awesomeness* now.	I'll get right on it. newlinechar  newlinechar Spoiler: [It will involve an actual Opera](/spoiler)
That's true. That's also the reason why there are no girls on the internet.	[Also...](http://funpics.classicfun.ws/var/albums/Funpics/On%20the%20Internet%20nobody%20knows%20you're%20a%20dog.jpg?m=1300661194)
street rat	I don't buy that
Some clothes would be hotter without them, though, at the same time. Or at least easier, like button up shirts... &gt;_&lt;	I miss button-down shirts. I *really* like the look but haven't been able to wear it in years because of the boob-gap. Any shirt big enough to avoid this will hang like a sack =(
I don't... what? newlinechar  newlinechar Did we miss some vital back story?	The other day i was having a conversation and the other guy said 'Wow, that reminds me of Greg!' newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Karma please.
She doesn't usually do requests, but you can commission a pictures for $5 per pony.	http://i.imgur.com/24qeC.png
I think its called smiling, I don't know though, I haven't ever seen her do it.	So this is probably her stunt double.
It sucks. There is a time for pride and there is a time for gritting your teeth and accepting the money. If you're unable to attend school because you have to work two jobs, you probably need the money.	Agree, even if she continued to work, worked less though it would be in her best interest to take the money and go to college,  then she can use whatever she has left to help those people less fortunate than her.  
But maybe this is like his second playthrough. Or! he has been hoarding jokes for three years and now he gradually posts them for karma!	&gt; gradually newlinechar  newlinechar Haha. Nope.
How about most glamorous plastic jobs? newlinechar  newlinechar Feels like should have another lame boob job joke in here but...nah.	Tubs, showers, laundry baskets, trash cans, pantry organization. Not extremely glamorous, but still cool to walk into a Target or Walmart and say, 'I designed that'!
Not a graphics whore myself, but I find this lacking compared to what the fourth game looked like... Not sure about the gameplay, though... Anybody know when this game fits in timeline-wise? 	I believe they said it takes place after MGS4.
Same here, except i'm playing the PC version. I played the MGS3 on the 3ds and was hooked. I'm still debating whether to get the HD collection or just get MGS2 on the PC, since I already played Snake Eater and don't care much about Peace Walker. 	HD collection is pretty amazing, though be warned mgs3 doesn't play like the 3DS version, the 3DS version was enhanced and updated with more shit. The HD collection is just that, HD versions of the game, no updated textures etc.
The origins of 4chan. The /b/eginning.	/b/ is nothing these days. It's actually pretty benign.
But...but... I'm so confused. There is *nothing* there. That would be like banning pulling out. It's just a bunch of half cells. It prevents fertilization. There is no 'conception' at that point. There is no zygote. On what basis would this be equatable to 'fetus murder'?	it doesn't matter.  we understand that YOU don't see a moral problem.  the doctor does however.  And she's undoubtably gonna use his own moral standard before yours. newlinechar  newlinechar for the record, i get it, but i understand people who disagree with me.
Nice one. After installation it says: 'I came here looking for CatBlock! Replace ads with cat pictures!' now I'm torn between sticking with AdBlock and getting CatBlock, haha!	Am I the only redditor on the planet that doesn't like cats?
Andrew Jackson , you know that one president that gave the Democratic party the donkey as their symbol. He forced thousands of Native-Americans to relocate on what came to be known as the Trail of Tears. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: grammar error, change became to came.	The democratic party of 150-100 years ago is more analagous ideologically to the republican party of today, although the issues are so different it's not an exact comparison.
I think I agree with everything you say in this post. newlinechar  newlinechar With all the money wasted in Iraq and Afghanistan, NASA could've built a Space Elevator, gone to Mars and built a palace on the moon. Twice.	Don't forget world hunger. That's only $50b/yr.
BEEP. FUCKING. BOOP.	Good news everyone, I've developed an algorithm for basic human interaction. You no longer need to have your own personality!
Did you search the store on the Vita?	Yup, only brings up The Treasures of Montezuma (minis) which costs 2,95.
/r/ideasfortheadmins maybe?	H0rrible should move his comment into that subreddit
SON OF A BITCH!	*Boom De Ya Da Boom De Ya Da Boom De Ya Da Boom De Ya Da*
you're a top bloke and/or bird. &lt;3	&gt; **and**/or newlinechar  newlinechar e_e
[](/ppshrug 'Wah wah wah wahhhhhhhh') I'll get my trombone.	There's no leading this parasprite away, the damage is done.
Feel free to send via courier with a couple bottles of local cider. &lt;3	Haha yeah, I live next to the thatchers cider company and they grow all of their apples behind the warehouses in about 20 different fields, in the summer it is the best munchies or pipe if you're out of rizla :)
Oh man, that sounds awesome. DXM gave me music appreciation that I've yet to come across in any other drug. It lasted for about a week after each trip too. Pretty interesting stuff.	all dxm did was make me shit my pants for 4 hours and think my body was being ripped in 2, but occasionally it felt like i was on the wings of a very beautiful dragon
Holy crap? Is she ok? Cars weigh quite a bit.	It's OK. They were only carttens. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: punctuation.
This guy here is correct. It's a research drug called MDPV but sold as 'bath salts' at some headshops to get around legality.	The fact that it works is disgusting. The 'legal' equivalents the government forces cause far more problems.
Is Davos actually dead though? Yeah sure, he was epically exploded off the ship, but he may be alive still, yeah?	that's what I'm hoping for. he's my favorite 'second tier' character.
Are you on Facebook? Search for 'Vegan products you can buy in Australia' - it has heaps of stuff and where to get it. I usually just make stuff from scratch - and it's healthier too. 	For the lazy:  newlinechar  newlinechar https://www.facebook.com/pages/Vegan-Products-you-can-buy-in-Australia/170979382913716 newlinechar  newlinechar or newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.veganproductsaustralia.com/
They're probably kicking themselves that they didn't. Honestly, Oracle probably had deeper pockets. And they probably also had more of a reason to buy them out, so that they could screw others over with Sun's technology. Bunch of spineless ....	Also, their main product is an RDBMS, and Sun owned the worlds most popular open source RDBMS.  
Worst they could do to him, would be baking cupcakes with him. newlinechar [](/ppboring)	They made cupcakes out of him...
Actually [1 in 2,598,960](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=52choose5).	Wouldn't it be  1 in 6,497,400. I am assuming the order of the cards drawn was significant. newlinechar  newlinechar edit: oops, that was for four cards. 311,875,200
'Hey you want to call bill?' newlinechar  newlinechar 'Yeah!' newlinechar  newlinechar ... newlinechar  newlinechar 'Hey bill. newlinechar  newlinechar You want to come over and play with this rock?'	'I don't know...I found this really awesome stick today.' newlinechar   newlinechar 'The rock kind of looks like a titty.' newlinechar  newlinechar 'I'll be there in 5 minutes.'
There have been a fair number of undecided this time around. Perhaps they felt that they couldn't get a firm grasp of the issue and abstained for that reason? I'd rather see that than the kneejerk party affiliation type voting this place is famous for.	Maybe you are right. But i heard a lot of people saying that they just don't vote they never vote.
Lets not forget either that the British weren't really fighting us, they were fighting the French.	Indeed, although to be fair, saying the British were fighting the French is like saying the British had white skin - not always true, but happening often enough that it can more or less be taken for granted.
[](/ajsly 'Angel?') I thought that was bunnies...	If cat's didn't eat them before they got any real power.   [](/b00) [](/c28) 
What, are they afraid you're going to crack it? newlinechar  newlinechar All joking aside, that makes sense. Touching causes minute amounts of harm.	I actually think it has to do more with the threat of a terrorist attack, but I do agree, touching slowly erodes things over time.
What I love about the Descent is that you can see the monsters in almost all the scenes prior to the big reveal. They're in the shadows moving around out of focus. If you look for them, you'll find them quite easily. You don't notice them the first time through.	But did you see the moonwalking bear?
&gt;carbs are 99% gone from my diet newlinechar  newlinechar [Picture with French fries and vegetables](http://cdn.caughtoffside.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/FACEPALM-1.jpg)	Noticed that too and lol'd. 
What are you doing in the female locker room with a camera?	Science. 
[worse](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZqrG1bdGtg)	[this is quite an amazing video in terms of sadness](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOAcRKZxjy4)
Not that there's anything wrong with that.	If you know what I mean....
Here's an interesting [article](http://londonbikers.com/news/10702/witness-the-p3-suzuki-gsxr600-k8-superlite) about the bike that he did the 7:17 lap on - apparently he thought he had messed up quite a few times and thought it was a slow lap!	Awesome Article. It would have been even more astounding if he could have recorded footage of a  7:10 on the 600.  Only a matter of time until he breaks the 6 minute barrier
Centre is the correct spelling here	Meh a few people believe the world revolve around them. The worst part is when you go to another country to study and they look at you funny for your pronunciations and spellings. =_____=
What about Nicklas Lidstrom though?	Nicklas Lidstrm*
Just replying so that I can say I've talked to a FUCKING PORNSTAR. And a good one at that I might add. Loved your stuff on x-art. 	You fucking sure did. Talked the fuck out of her. :) Come back for the AMA. 
It's all about having a DM that isn't afraid to just say yes and figure out the specifics afterwards.	Always try to get my players and the DM, when it's not me, to think flavour before rules. 
Did you grow up in an environment that encouraged the pursuit of knowledge?	I was always the one who played PC games therefore 'the smart one in the family who's gonna go far', maybe hearing this all the time subconsciously forced me to be 'smarter.'
what's 'an sap?'	Same question... 
Well spotted, definitely a typo though.	But which is correct?
look at how many upvotes this horseshit already has, it fools highschoolers pretty easy, but any half educated schmuck can see through this BS..	Bah. As a pre-highschooler, this shit is an obvious marketing stunt. The only thing that boggles my mind is that he would post an AMA. I guess for the publicity, but he can't even answer the questions properly. newlinechar  newlinechar Then again, all publicity is good publicity
P= punjab, A=Afghania (or NWFP or officially Khyber Pukhtunkhwa) K= Kashmir. I= indus river valley S= Sindh and TAN is taken from the end of balochisTAN. except for kashmir and Indus River Valley, all are provinces newlinechar  newlinechar 	So that 'stan' is meaning 'land of' in old persian is just coincidence so to speak?
You look especially good with those two burritos.  Let me have one if you don't eat both of them.  I'll be at ESD. kthnxbai	Lol, i came here to say that those 2 sandwiches looked pretty good too
Scot was dum hero aniwais	tru
Great to know that you can get couriers. Should be fun to trade them.	Couriers - the hats of Dota 2.
But then why would you agree to defend those ideas on TV?	Because these kinds of people believe they can 'talk sense' into you.
Boobs on the walls...? Shower heads that are actually breasts? Old naked men with their danglies out... with boobs? newlinechar  newlinechar What kind of fucked up place is this? It's not what I expected a women's locker room to be like at all!	Wrinkly boob penis? 
Of note. Their final album ever will be out in exactly one weeks time. 	Indeed it will and it is a good one for sure! Here's a published review of it: http://www.metal-observer.com/articles.php?lid=1&amp;sid=1&amp;id=18873. After hearing it, it is a shame that they want to quit recording, this band is just too good to just stop... :(
I not recall any video.  But I do recall the outcries at a Republican debate where the crowds cried out 'let them die' when the issue if the poor &amp; sick was brought up. 	The original post you are commenting on is a video.  Admittedly, it is an over simplification but did make the point. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Did you not watch it or just not understand it?
[I've put some in in reply to the other comment. S/he didn't think much of them, but you're free to make up your own mind.](http://simplyrecipes.com/photos/basic-tomato-sauce.jpg)	ah bellissimo!
Squirtle and Keen, not a chance. Well, maybe a little, but not much.	The Towel Terran ain't too shabby either, although consistent he hasn't been lately.
The phone company choose 48 volts for their lines. That was the highest they could go without hurting people.	-48Vdc load on the dial tone. IIRC the ring signal has a peak voltage of around 90V operating at 20hz. You do get a slight shock if you hold a POTS line as as ring signal is sent.
You're losing your manager and main striker, it means you need one of each now for next season.	Geoff Shreeves is that you?
I used to play inverted in this game too. Fun fact though, in my house we weren't allowed to play the game unless we had the paintball cheat on. My mom didn't like all the red haha.	Don't feel too bad. My mum was quite upset over how violent the game was, considering I was playing it when I was probably seven or eight years old. My dad really let me get away with things I shouldn't have. newlinechar  newlinechar For England, James?
&gt; **Portuguese** ros wine? You disgust me.   newlinechar Fixed det hr for you.	What's the problem with portuguese ros wine?
Me too, GROUDON UNITE!	Your name goes along so well with that.
Exactly, removed.	Seems to be a legitimate question - I don't think you should remove this! newlinechar  newlinechar Post is a legitimate question. Thought provoking indeed, to say the least. 
Mmm, you're more asking what was big in the media then what was big in church back then imo.	Good point. What made me think of it is half the stories in my RSS feed dealing with one issue, so yeah, the perception can start to become thats all we talk about.
We should all add him and fuck him up... 	We should all run proxy in our skype add him and when he tries to ddos us claw him out.
I hate conns here in corpus man. Sales people are Cons its in the store name. Straight forward mother fuckers	Yup.  We only went there to help establish credit for my wife.  Never again. Fuck conns 
[It's basically just an angry facebook group.](http://i.imgur.com/kh8xO.png) newlinechar  newlinechar They do 'boycotts' which amount to fuck all, being that they really only have like 30,000 members. I like slacktivism best when it's being performed by people I don't like.	i guess the real bad thing in this is that those whiners get so much media time.
Yep. The books.	Some are explained in the show, but no where near as many.
Just biked this last week with one of my buddies.  Did a ~5 mile (and back) stretch starting in Cudahy.	Best thing about that section of the oak leaf trail is the wind. It can either be your best friend or worst enemy.
I can't say I frequent that sub, but as a fellow computer guy and /r/mylittlepony subscriber, I send you a brohoof.  Keep your chin up! newlinechar  newlinechar [](/rscootacheer)	Thanks! Some days it's not that bad, I just like being melodramatic sometimes :)
rv.net and irv2.com newlinechar  newlinechar Both are huge resources for rving.	Saved
They also probably don't realize they'll have to pay 25-35% taxes on their winnings.	Maybe they are in Canada.
With a macro that draws a sketch of the original scan of the original printout of the original screenshot.	And the screenshot is a link to the real screenshot.
.. We meet again. 	My apologies, friend. I never meant to intrude so far.
Fuckyeah, first guy kicked. Im part of history. 	Yeah. History.
&gt;Welcome to Reddit ~~where all~~ present~~ation is~~ your taint~~ed.~~ newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY	I don't know if you necessarily fixed it, but holy shit, I just spit RedBull all over my keyboard. Thank/fuck you.
Oz apparently.	You were actually pretty close going by her reply.
zoomed in image http://i.imgur.com/QnbDf.jpg	Enhance!
'I have altered the deal. Pray that I don't alter it any further.'	You were faster than me. I appreciate that other people think in a similar way! newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: Also [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpE_xMRiCLE).
Liverpool and Chelsea (right now) are two completely different clubs in terms of attracting players.	Yeah thats true. But hazard &amp; marin are moving there without knowing whos in charge. Which shows they have faith in the club, not just the manager.
or complaining you spent all your time on that nerd game.	'Would you quit playing internet spaceships and spend some time with me?'
What decade?	1989 ACC Champs, 1994 with Goldsmith they started out 8-0
Very strange.. I've been wracking my brain to think what he would leave for, it has to be either England or a Director of Rugby role...	Im putting my money on the awkward family dinner when he told Mrs Farrell that he wouldn't be joining his son on the England Team. Mrs Farrell freaks out and denies him any giggidy until he took up the role. He lasted a few weeks, fair play. 
Fuck you mother thanker?	No. I can be an ass at times.
'Breathtaking soundtracks included for every game in your bundle' newlinechar  newlinechar So you'd have to beat the minimum.	Ah, thanks.  I might have to spring the cash to get the soundtrack then even though I already have the game. 
Go Devils, I want a Cup parade in Rochester	While I hate the Devils, this is also a valid option.
&gt; BREAK SOMEONE AND KILL EVERYTHING newlinechar  newlinechar much better	&gt;BREAK SOMETHING AND KILL EVERYONE. newlinechar Sounds better, and easier. Also I'm 'curious' as to what happens.
in one scene the boss has a chunk of it floating over a puck. newlinechar  newlinechar That puck was a magnet, unobtainium is a room temperature superconductor :)	Or a structure of complex organic room temperature superconducting nanoparticles
If the strength in shifts was noticeable then that must've been an awesome fluid. Makes me want to get a project car just so I could learn more about cars whilst actually doing stuff. Hope the Mustang is still going strong mate. I really appreciate the help. :)	As the fluid gets older/loses volume the amount of friction modifier decreases. The friction modifier is what helps to make the shifts crisp and firm. So adding brand new fluid with new friction modifier can greatly influence the feel of the shifting!
Gargoyles dude! Capra was a fucker, so are the gargoyles, my easy boss was queelag/gaping dragon.	What about Pinwheel? Weakness: anything.
And don't forget forbidding cotton polyester blends.  Seems the bible is against everything gay, hair cuts, fashion.... will the bigotry never end?  :)	And of course, in one of the greatest ironic twists ever conceived, there are the morons who wear the Leviticus verse about homosexuality permanently, in the form of a *tattoo.*
Thatsthejoke.jpg	igetitnow.jpg
get fire! and make sure you are on easy.	Incinerate is my favorite plasmid so far. So much fun.
That's the director, by the way.	Not 'Sisters' but I know what I'll be watching tonight. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Vic Thomas was right 'Confessions of the make-up artist' Well done! newlinechar 
holy crap that's incredible, it always amazes me what people form internet can do. thanks	Thanks :D
What works for me is finding the most important points and condensing them into a list or flash cards. Then it's all about repetition. If what you're learning can be done hands-on, that's even better.	Thanks. I usually just write notes, condense and then repeat. Then I pray that when I read the condensed version it triggers a wealth of information.
As far as I know, there's only one and it's in act 4 in the Garden of Hope. It gives you a random shrine, often resulting in an xp shrine.	Nope. They pop up at the same rate as every other act. I see them all the time.
Seeing the Elementary trailer, I can't blame Moffat for worrying.	Poor Lucy.
I am sand and I find it very offensive.	SPY, THIS GUY IS A FISH!
Shaggy?	lol I haven't heard that since I was back in high school!
I believe you have to kill boars for XP.	Dude! Boars are only worth two experience points a piece. Do you know how many we would have to kill to get up 30 levels?!
Wasn't he MORMONIC? newlinechar  newlinechar I'm SO hilarious!	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cWUa9kT4QA&amp;feature=related&amp;hd=1 newlinechar  newlinechar When republicans try to put a base on the moon newlinechar  newlinechar Nasa's TOP people on the case
Ok, thanks. That's what I had thought but then I started second-guessing myself and wanted clarification/confirmation. So it seems the talisman's magadj value is basically a multiplier for whatever base damage the miracle has. That makes sense.	Yep, that's how I understand it anyway. The miracle is based on the MagAdj of the talisman, and the MagAdj of the talisman is based on your Faith (Intelligence with Velka's).
Off topic, but where are you from? Using the word 'anymore' in this context sounds so strange to me, and was just curious where you're from. 	Upstate NY, USA. You could substitute 'these days' for 'anymore' and get the same meaning I was going for.
WHERE IS CELESTIA BANANA HOLDER?	DO WANT.
Seriously .jpeg? I think Data is compressed enough.	so much win right here
I've always had to use: newlinechar  newlinechar     net user &lt;username&gt; * newlinechar  newlinechar Then set the password?	that just lets you not type the password in plain text as part of the command.  very useful for batch files and scripting, so you don't store passwords in the source.
Men get herpes because we get it from women. Logic man, logic. 	Exactly. newlinechar  newlinechar Herpes is trasmited through contact with females. Unless you're homosexual you don't have to worry about hispes.
A year, man. A year of planning.	it shows! also just realized how redundant my previous comment was. but i really was impressed by the impressiveness of your work and efforts
[VGQ]?  newlinechar Sorry I've been away from Tribes for a while. 	Quiet!
What is jenk if you don't mind me asking?	ITS REAL THATS FOR SURE
that is exactly what arnold palmer is. he told you correctly.	Sorry I told that poorly, basically I just thought it was weird coincidence OP would post this after I just learned what an Arnold Palmer was. Really not interesting to anyone but me I suppose.
This is what I was looking for. Why the colonization of Australia over the colonization of the Americas? You still have commonwealth countries here afterall.	It was part of the module on Victorian crime and poverty, which set us up for learning about modern health and safety at work.
That's why Space X is developing [propulsive landing](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sSF81yjVbJE&amp;t=3m30s) for Dragon 2.	Very cool, I wasn't aware of this before. I hope they get it working, it looks pretty similar to the [Mars Science Laboratory](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwinFP8_qIM&amp;feature=related) skycrane landing.
You'll find it be even more awesome should you join an outfit. An outfit will use teamwork on a massive scale. As in, an invasion force.	dont forget alot of the big outfits will even have real in game military style training days for new recruits. in PS1 when i would be in a big outfit we would clear rooms like navy seals on our way to an objective. *Good times*
Lot of Minecraft players are extremely defensive about Minecraft when comparing it to any other game that has blocks.	But DF doesn't have blocks. It has letters.
It was an act of sabotage against government assets by a foreign nation. You can damn well bet the US would call it terrorism if it happened here.	What does it matter what the US would call it? It would factually be sabotage, not terrorism. 
Pizza Hut $10 pizza box	This might be man's greatest invention.
It does it automatically when I copy in the Kindle app. If I had to do it manually, I wouldn't bother.	Well ain't that some fancy shit.
She's 20? WOW! She looks so young and plump and healthy! Good job being a cat-parent. :)	Thanks!
&gt; As a guy with fibromyalgia, will you please not make 'fibromyalgia husband' a thing? newlinechar  newlinechar I'm afraid I don't understand your request.  Why does my self-identification as the male spouse/supporter of a fibromyalgia patient bother you? newlinechar  newlinechar 	I don't really see a problem with this either... you're just explaining that it is your wife, not you, that has fibro and you support her.  I'm not sure what the problem is ?
yes, bring the word baller back. 	It is thriving in the starcraft scene.  newlinechar 
I guess I'm in the minority. I like small T-girl cock.	You and me both! 
Joke's on you, I'm a gay Barbarian.	Is there any other kind?
Why so many tall canadians? Where are all the tall Americans? :(	its funny you say that, the only tall girl I dated was from Maine and that might as well be in Canada lol. 
Anyone	Probably, but he did divorce his terminally ill wife
It's a little hard to ignore huge amounts of negative press.	what's that? i cant hear you over the sound of all this CA$H MONE being made (6.3 million x 60 = three hundred seventy-eight million dollars in the first seven days)
Drinking coffee this morning @ [0] and I still laughed very, very hard.  	I guess this is what happens when I smoke two bowls of AK-47 by myself...
http://screenrant.com/iron-man-3-villains-iron-patriot-kofi-175599/ newlinechar  newlinechar According to this, it's a different character called 'Coldblood-7', who's a cyborg of some kind. He's a bad guy, despite the color scheme.	wow, that actually sounds pretty cool
also, many people access reddit from work and they can't load youtube or any videos for that matter, gifs however work 99% of the time	I am the one percent.
Everyone is so angry in political discussions. It's really grating.	Anger is the last resort of those intellectually incapable of making a reasonable contribution to a discussion.
&gt; A miscalculation on the smallest degree means we can watch these people slowly descend into the sun over a period of several years. newlinechar  newlinechar This is one of my worst nightmares, disappearing into space and eventually floating into the sun.	The radiation and cosmic rays would mean your death would likely come sooner by the most aggressive cancer in history. 
The problem is even the 1% care too much about instant gratification and go for the short-term benefits.  Unfortunately, their short-term benefits go on to hurt everyone in long-term.	Ironically, it's the same flaw they accuse 'welfare queens' of- leeching off taxpayers for their own short-term gratification. 
That's a spyderco tenacious. I added some blue liners to it and customized the scales myself. I might put up some pictures soon.	That looks awesome.  Can't wait to see it if you get around to putting up those pics.
A good start for that would be if he showed up riding a velociraptor.	Well, I suppose he would be ridding an eight legged horse, he'd have an eye-patch over one eye, he'd give children presents in the Yule tide. That sort of thing.
Must. Do. AMA.	I'm not sure it's that interesting. You go, you order, you wait an ungodly amount of time, you eat, you leave. And there are free drinks. It's pretty much what you see on TV.
Someone else says this?!	I know at least 5 others who do.
An American Pippi Lngstrump? Blasphemy!	Agreed
Aspley has an EB games? where?	In the hypermarket. You can't see it for all the sale signs.
you mean parents are so young	Kids having kids! Oy vey!
Why is this man getting downvoted? He stated a true fact.	Everything gets downvotes. Stop taking them so seriously. 
show them your penis it always works, the trick however is getting past the mace and taser.	They always seem to like it in the ear, because every time I try to put it in her mouth she turns her head.
Whatever, troll. You won't live long doing that. 	Of course he's trolling.  But he's doing it well and it comes across as funny.
At least you would no longer be drinking alone.	Hey now that a pretty wild assump- who am I kidding...
You think this is a fucking game?	[here ya go!](http://i.imgur.com/xOnZe.jpg)
AKA trapped_in_reddit AKA karmanaut AKA SIDT AKA Ron Paul AKA I_RAPE_CATS AKA ProbablyHittingOnYou	THIS JUST IN. KARMANAUT IS LITERALLY EVERY SINGLE USER ON REDDIT
Fact: cows operate all traffic lights in the downtown DC area.	Fact: 90% of all statistics are made up on the spot. Including this one.
Was it hunter2?	Sorry I only see *******
And then people make a big fuss about casting a beautiful woman as Brienne. This hypocrisy is nonsense!	Well to be fair, Brienne is supposed to be revolting to look at. On the other hand, Asha (Yara) for example, is not supposed to look like the girl that plays her.  newlinechar  newlinechar That being said, I agree that everyone needs to chill the fuck out.
If this wasn't said in jest you're quite possibly an atrocious offspring to have bothered spawning.	If only...
Lol, I bought one of those at a comic con for like $20 when I was a kid.  Thought I'd be rich someday!  	Only $10!!!  Damn.  I'm with absolut - my comics and baseball cards were someday going to make me a great retirement.  
Would bacteria, viruses or germs survive in mouthwash? Assuming it is the ones with alcohol.	I'm not sure.  I don't know how strong mouthwash is compared to rubbing alcohol.
I've heard that this is a huge thing at MBA programs. A ton of women go just to meet successful husbands. 	Who the fuck wants a helpless woman? It has always baffled me that this kind of weakness almost seems like it is attractive to lot of men.
He obviously jumped in his tardis, went back to that day, stood in front of him and took the picture. newlinechar  newlinechar Obviously.	He's a wizard, Harry!
I like checking out their kit, usually check if they have support so I can give myself som ammo, then possibly skip back to mine again.	This! newlinechar  newlinechar I have had motion sensor assists from a stolen MAV along with simultaneous resupplies or heals from the support/assault kit I started with.
Bear...	...penis 
He's claiming it's not zero sum because it's like a river, and I'm pointing out that since he thinks it's a river that will run forever, it had better deny the laws of physics. 	Ding ding ding!
Said tools love to tell boring stories about their cats.  	Cats use the same tools to update their feline photoalbums online.
Wow... I mean, of all heroes, why pick Batman for that? He wears a cape and his parents are dead...	No snark intended, but don't you folks think you're taking this signage a little too seriously? Batman's appearance seems more descriptive (i.e., cape) rather than prescriptive.
What the hell? How was she even allowed in the building/access to sending shit like this out?	I honestly don't know how she's kept her job. In any other business if you made a mistake that made national news you'd either be fired or demoted. Not her. 
I think i want to know ya know ya, yea what	YOU EVER HAVE YOUR ASSHOLE LICKED BY A FAT GUY IN AN OVERCOAT?!?
Someone is going to discover that cats can teleport. A super power that I am sure she will use after she drops a poo in that pillow fort. 	That cat is actually dead and alive in there. newlinechar  newlinechar We won't know until we look.
As a feminist, I can confirm that I am on a lesbian empowerment mission. Like all feminists are.	strange, i didnt know i was a lesbian until right this moment
It's either my PC or there's nothing on right now. Is there a way to listen directly through my media player? I use that for most of the radios.	EST = Eastern Standard Time
Alternatively why don't they release a damn software emulator?	Or a hardware addon, or even just an actual PS2 with an HDMI port and bluetooth receiver for the controllers - I'd settle for that.
SPOILERS!  newlinechar  newlinechar The Titanic sinks at the end.  newlinechar  newlinechar END SPOILERS! 	Not gonna watch Titanic, now that you've ruined it... newlinechar 
If they would literally kill you or stop funding your education - wait until you are financially self sufficient!  	Yeah really. You don't have to tell them anything if you think they'll stop supporting you, or worse. Get what you need from them until you can get it yourself. That's survival.
[This whole story](http://www.theonion.com/articles/tim-duncan-releases-decade-worth-of-pentup-emotion,2069/) is one of my favorite The Onion articles. 	If Duncan ever flipped out, that is exactly how it would happen. Got a good laugh before work at that, thanks.
And the other looks hella guilty of something...	Yeah Byron (the blue merle) swiped Basil's bone moments later despite Basil giving him the nasty face
That is something I will... Now I only wish for a similar competition for gsl and I'm set =D	Tillykke! ;-) 
Go to new Hampshire. 4 bucks tax free	Not quite. While sales tax free, there is still a $1.68 tax on each pack folded into the price.
The only surprising thing about this is that it took an oppressive socialist dictatorship this long to get around to it. 	But Chavez had more important things to do: nationalize PDVSA, scream about the US, listen to King Juan Carlos tell him to shut up. newlinechar  newlinechar You know, banning guns was just getting pushed by the rest of the things to inflate his ego more.
Avid geocacher here.  I'd go look for it if it wasn't so far away.  Lol.  I'm from Gaylord.	Yeah, that'd be a bit of a drive :)
This looks awesome. How come registration only lists students though? Will it be more expensive for non students? 	It will not be more expensive.
5 stacks of the buff guarantee 2 rares from the bosses/minibosses regardless of MF.	This redditor is correct.
I love Dave!	I think she's warming up to it, I said 'name him what you want, I'm calling him Dave'. Another one is Rolo.
Wait Krysae is a charge weapon now? I did not notice that when taking it for a spin on my friends console...	If you hold down primary fire while scoped it will zoom in further, but it has no effect on damage.
Pomeranian. =)	Ranapomian!!
I kept hovering :(	And if I haver... Whatever the fuck that means. 
Olen Turussa keskuun loppuun asti.  I'm sure that's grammatically incorrect.	It's actually completely correct.
[Did I do this right?](http://i.imgur.com/niCJe.jpg)	Good man.
I am an avid Tokka Shipper, and I aprove this Thread.	I honestly hadn't really thought about it much until I read this thread, now I agree with you. I hope Suki gets with Zuko so Sokka goes for Toph instead. 
I, too, thought it might be a fantastic misquote. Nope, actually asking supporters to throw acid on specific women.	exactly. I saw this on HuffPo and thought 'oh typical HuffPo let's find out the context...'  newlinechar  newlinechar Nope, the guy is just awful.
Whaddya wanna see? More fucking library?	Don't let /r/books hear you. We take our libraries seriously.
Fuck you and your fuckin onions! God damn it.  *curls up into ball in the corner singing gilbert and Sullivan.* newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: *your	I imagined some poor soul doing exactly this but keeping with the actual tempo that most people do Modern Major-General in. I giggled.
There's some concern that 3.2.4 broke some methods (.first, .last) in ActiveRecord:  newlinechar  newlinechar https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/6558	So I guess they don't have unit tests for ActiveRecord or...?
This! newlinechar  newlinechar I have had motion sensor assists from a stolen MAV along with simultaneous resupplies or heals from the support/assault kit I started with.	Yep, I quickly set up spawn-point, fly some MAV (which I have not unlocked myself) when I come accross one.
what was not mentioned in the report was 199 of them were Mexicans and one white dude in the other car	Yeah, and only the white guy got any press.
Allergies probably? newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: I thought he said 'Why'? Ninja edit? No idea.	Poison!
Snapping your fingers is caused by your *skin* breaking the sound barrier!	Get out!
As an English man, I can confirm this. If you called him 'Chef Ramsey', people would call you a cunt.	Have you actually watched any of his programs in the UK? newlinechar  newlinechar He always tells people to call him 'chef' or 'chef ramsey'... he does this because he earned the title of chef and so asks people to use it which is fair enough.
Ya, that sounds all well and good, but we don't have many farms in Verdun.  :P	Hey! I'm in Verdun too! And I come from a very small town with loads of farmers. Maybe I can just hook you up.
...and he doesn't. 	He could, he just didn't want to.
then sad. I just felt bad for the poor caterpillar. 	It was like adding insult to injury. Oh, you survived us being inside you, eating our way from the inside out? Let me just infect your mind too so you become our slave before you eventually die anyway. 
TIL 'tyre' is a correct spelling.	TIL you could spell tyre, 'tire'.
Yes, this would be for the folks too impatient to wait for them to let everyone in (and who find themselves flush with cash).	I think what's actually happening here is Valve is hoping pro players recognize the advantage of early access to hone their skills. They will have a skill advantage over players who start when it's F2P launched, and Valve are exploiting that.
Go ahead, let them know. Everybody needs to know what you like or dislike. Post this on FB, Twitter and G+ so that as many people as possible get to hear those interesting things about you.	i also like milk and cookie and cats
THIS JUST IN. KARMANAUT IS LITERALLY EVERY SINGLE USER ON REDDIT	NO ~~I'M~~ HE'S NOT
I had sympathy head pain. Were the two guys actually having a fight? newlinechar This might sound stupid but it looks like they were just messing around until the kick landed.	I'd say they were actually fighting, the way the kicker casually walks off indicates they weren't being friendly.
Upstate NY, USA. You could substitute 'these days' for 'anymore' and get the same meaning I was going for.	Yeah, I know the meaning. It's just extremely abrasive sounding for most regions of the US, so I wanted to know where you're from that you use it that way (for curiosity's sake).
Fun Fact : David Bowie does not have Heterochromia. Instead he suffered an injury to his eye that left the retina permanently open (relaxed, dilated?) making it hard to see that eye's colored part.	Permanently dilated - mydriasis. Caused when he got punched wasn't it?
Great work! Captures the spirit of the Reddit community	This.
Because of the mistreatment or the thought of fucking an orangutan? 	Yes.
That too.  Originally from PA, and I grew up calling WV people hoopies.	Then you should have learned to call us 'the winning team' newlinechar  newlinechar Jk. 
Me neither! Some of the transformations are amazing!	Seriously!
Relevant?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z39zBS3Lank	After seeing this vid...oh lord she's a perfect Jack! =))
I have heard that Spiceworks might have what you need. I have never used it myself but I think people were talking about it on /r/sysadmin.	I use it at our private school, and love it. I tried several, including osticket, but really liked the hardware scanning/management piece. As free_range_human noted, it is bloated, and will run slow if you don't give it enough memory/processor when creating the VM. That being said, it works quite well.
9 months? Oh god, that's so long! It's a shame places don't have enough funding to be run efficiently, my place has the weirdest hours because they just can't afford to be open normal hours.	I doubt its a funding issue, Last time I was there for my vulvuldynia I paid $370 to be told to wear cotton undies because they breathe more. (this was after I told my doctor that since my injury I've gone commando)
Have you watched them play lately?	I've been watching them play for 20 years and while Barcelona we certainly aren't were no Sam Allardyce coached team either. newlinechar  newlinechar My question stands.
Please feel free to. We need all the money we can get!	I have been playing with them in FIFA, So they have grown on me. Is it that bad right now? I know they just got promoted but I didn't think it was bad with them.
All of those are gloomy.	Cheer yourself up with a movie instead. I'd recommend Grave of the Fireflies.
Var lser du att medelsvensson ska lra sig Arabiska?	Det r vl tanken? Eller ska undervisningen riktas mot srskilda ungdomar? Jag ifrgastter bara relevansen i att lsa arabiska jmte erknda affrs- och diplomatsprk som tyska och franska eller framtida sdana som mandarin.  newlinechar  newlinechar 
I am the one percent.	:(
Probably, but he did divorce his terminally ill wife	Have you seen her interviewed?she's nuts. Also, the separation started before she was sick.
Oh you don't understand.  *That* part of the bible shouldn't be taken literally.	You're right! The scriptures that are correct are fact &amp; the ones that aren't are simply metaphorical...gotta love Christian logic.
OK, then.  He removed 'her' from his anus.	You just won the comment section of today's post! The trophy should arrive in 6-8 weeks. 
[This may help](http://i.imgur.com/CMXRW.jpg)	Deer god.
I'm sure the admins will be very impressed with his self insert SRS fan fiction newlinechar  newlinechar IF I RAN SRS EVERYBODY WOULD BE KIND TO EACH OTHER AND EVERYBODY WOULD HAVE FUN AND LEARN THINGS AND	I've seen some unbelievable Mary Sues in my time, but that one takes the cake.
What means fjamsa? I can't find that word :-S	It's [forfjamsa](http://www.nob-ordbok.uio.no/perl/ordbok.cgi?OPP=forfjamsa&amp;nynorsk=+&amp;ordbok=nynorsk). The previous line ends with 'for-'. Fjamsa is a great word, though. I will definitely start using it.
buying a product because you want create or protect someone's job isn't doing anyone any favors... you are just creating an unsustainable imbalance in the economy and preventing people from making a necesary shift away from unprouctive labor. 	That's only true if there's perfect competition.
You were late by about 2 hours.	Fashionably?
Do you play too? His character's name is Grick the Goblin King.	LOL! yes, i know Grick. my main character is James 'The Hammer' Spade. i am sure he will know who i am
I probably died 600 times. how the fuck did you only die 6 times?	Play hardcore, you will die less.
In Word, it opens the find and replace dialog.	Doesn't appear to work in vi...
&gt;By far one of the most free place in the world. newlinechar  newlinechar Well unless you're trying to build a minaret. 	Yep :-) newlinechar  newlinechar We need to fucking change that! newlinechar  newlinechar That's what scares me, I've always said that in Switzerland, what is not forbidden is mandatory. newlinechar Now I see the countries around losing more and more freedom, and that's sad.
Unfortunately for you, Porto actually get money from the sale :P	And even if we didn't...
What's his number again?	http://i.imgur.com/QmyLU.gif
PFT's Laboring Under Delusions is one of the best specials I've seen in years.	'If you have time to lean, you have time to clean' 
I don't understand that logic. Why? Do you think animals aren't capable of doing wrong and people are? 	I think the idea is that animals (especially domesticated ones) are less likely to be gigantic shitcunts. newlinechar  newlinechar Elephants, dolphins and most primates are the exception.
They cover this in the beginning speech by the MC. If you have a pacemaker or something and can't get shocked, go around those obstacles. If you can't swim go around anything that requires you to.	Yep, was coming here to say just this. I can't swim very well, so I just skip them. 
For the first time on Reddit, you might actually be the only one.	STOP THE PRESSES
Local colleges, perhaps?	If there's a large university anywhere near you, contact the History department and inquire about graduate students doing oral history. If, for example, you're anywhere near Indiana the Oral History Research Center at IU has lots of history grad students eager for new informants.
And they actually do have a Navy...   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mexican_Navy	Does it? I didn't realise jokes needed to be factually correct. Sry.
If you only know natural numbers, 0 is not a multiple of 3. However, in that case you wouldn't know 0 at all. newlinechar  newlinechar If you know 0, it is, by definition, a multiple of 3.	[MATHS!](http://www.joeydevilla.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/mind-blown.gif)
She just looks like she's constantly sick. 	It's all those poison apples man.
Not today... or any day ever.	Death
It was during a bad period of his life.	Nicely done sir.
Nick Clegg is a Liberal Democrat.	I'm aware of that although I'm not sure what your point is. I wasn't implying that you were defending Nick Clegg, rather that you were attacking an article that reports dissatisfaction with a Tory move.
Didn't you know? Police rest on weekends.	hey even god took sundays off. 
yeah, I'll see whats up with that on the ps3. I'll make a character just for it. I'll get back to the reddit on news with this in like, a month XD newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar And i'm completely serious. 	I read someone had tested it some time ago on a different forum and it was completely random. According to those alleged testers both those with and without could drop pendants.
Yeh. It's the salvage that makes the profit. Hulk wrecks can provide up to 3 intact plates, worth ~20mil each. newlinechar  newlinechar One of my corp mates also got a hulk with ORE strip miners worth ~300mil each O_o	Was about to say this. newlinechar  newlinechar Never underestimate the loot value of ships people think they cannot lose. You see Hulks with officer mods, faction mods ... It's fucking ridiculous.
Exactly! newlinechar  newlinechar And WorstAnswerPossible... At first it was some genuinely funny stuff, but after the New Novelty Account Glow wore off it was just sad and desperate.	I just enjoy shitting on WAP. I don't even know why
I recorded it, will post a translation soon. [Listen/Download](http://kiwi6.com/file/p538v5307m).	[Translation](http://pastebin.com/LTkvVJSP).
Well duh, look at his username newlinechar  newlinechar It was obviously 718 babies.	He got off easy.
this is what gets me killed the most, and it is the thing that I look forward to the least with my hardcore character	Same here, i countlessly dies 5 feet away from enemies in Inferno this is really getting on my nerves...
She voices like 70 different things.	More like 300
Just bought Dark Souls and Dragon's Dogma, plus I'm gonna get the new Humble Indie Bundle tomorrow. I hope that can suppress me from getting anything during the summer sale.	You can't suppress it.  You can't...suppress it....O___O There is no avoiding the summer sale....
:(	you'll be alright! newlinechar  newlinechar it's always a shock to people at first, but there's really not much that has changed now that you know.
Weekly? Well shit	It's Shit Reddit Says!
No, clearly the hdmi cable to his monitor has a virus, [buy one of these!](https://sophosnews.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/cable-anti-virus1.jpg?w=640)	&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;
My mom checked it out on Amazon on her iPad last night. I glanced at it over her shoulder while she was on the couch and saw it take up the whole screen. I couldn't focus on anything last night. She just doesn't seem like the person who'd read it.	I think that's what's interesting about the phenomenal success to a lot of people, its introducing some very vanilla housewife types to some pretty intense BDSM fantasies.
might be other region, but yes this guide is not applicable to the majority of players (largest % on americas) considering the commodity AH was only working for 3-4 days since release and will probably not be working till 2-3 days before RMAH 'actually' does go live.	Commodities are also not working in EU, just fyi. And we were unable to login for the past two days too. Error '37', Error '1', Error 'Please do not ever try again, you have already paid us your money', etc.
The only way it would be accepted is if the British Commonwealth ultimately ceded power to the US.  There is no way it would ever happen in any other situation.	I believe we already have ceded power to the US.
But C4 is fun!	C4 is just the upvote button for Battlefield 3 weapons.  newlinechar  newlinechar 'Hey, that's a sweet tank you're driving there, let me upvote that for you!'
/r/SpaceClop 	http://youtu.be/YUKmq7UMJys
i see the Baboon Affirmative Action College has an ecology department now. excellent! are you familiar with the work of Professor Louse-Picking-Champion?	Yes, we regularly meet for endocrinal biology and grooming sessions.
Murray never fails to disappoint (haha sorry im not a murray fan) newlinechar  newlinechar Ok so to get serious, Murray is injured which isnt good and if it's still bad in his next game we could see him retire	true that, a man of such talent often gives us great results and sometimes slumps into mediocre performance; now in this case the injury is troubling too of course hm, starting to doubt my decision to  back him up now haha ;)
I think he's talking about 'Fausto Carmona'.	Yeah, even if he beats the throw he flies right over the bag, lol. I would have loved to see them gently tag him as he was in a fetal position of shame. 
But it's starting to lose it's thin veneer of absurd comedy. newlinechar  newlinechar Sometimes I think that, if it weren't for the fact that both sides are xenophobic bigots, the American trash and the Taliban would be BFFs.	It's a personality type. Every culture has them; some cultures marginalize them while others legitimize them. Sadly, our culture legitimizes them more than marginalizes them. 
&gt; AMA i guess XD newlinechar  newlinechar How often did you wrestle naked? newlinechar  newlinechar ... For science.	Haha, never, though shirtless all the time. And let's face it, those singlets are practically naked! 
&gt; suffice to say that white boi have won all the way so far..... newlinechar  newlinechar well, don't leave us hanging, spill the beans, what's the 'white boi''s secret?	Mainly the chemistry....I mean I have ALOT of really good chinese guy friends, but I just never get the urge to kiss them/rip their clothes off etc... thus never crossing the friendship zone.
OCR doesn't require WiFi or 3G. You can use tessearact on your android phone to scan document and convert it to text. newlinechar  newlinechar Link: https://code.google.com/p/tesseract-ocr/	A version based on tessearct on Google Play [here](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=edu.sfsu.cs.orange.ocr).
So you came out as an atheist only in class? You haven't told anyone you're gay as well? And wouldn't your parents find out about this through proxy? newlinechar  newlinechar Also, is your school Public or Private?	Yes. newlinechar I have told the one I love. REJECTED as expected. newlinechar They don't know which button is for clicking. newlinechar I go to a private school. newlinechar Thank you for the downvotes I appreciate them so much.
I could agree to this.	Best ideas, bro. 
&gt;calling R.D. Kaplan a freshman newlinechar  newlinechar I ... I don't want to live on this planet anymore. 	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_D._Kaplan
Just got back from Brasil. I couldn't agree more.	You lucky bastard...
Omicron Kush newlinechar  newlinechar Sativa: 80% newlinechar  newlinechar Indica: 20% newlinechar  newlinechar THC: 21% newlinechar  newlinechar CBD: 3.4% newlinechar  newlinechar D-THC: 317%	allmychron*
Some of them have been updated with auto suggest predictive technology.	Well both Apple and the Ancients have that stark bright white motif going on. 
I'd say this is my most memorable game as well....I remember so much from it, things seemingly insignificant even after how long it has been since I played.  I've always hoped I meet a girl like Yuna too.. hm	Screw Yuna, gotta love Rikku :D
[Another view](http://imgur.com/CMBnm)... newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I'm not sure why but there is something appealing about this.	Well played good sir, here, have an upvote
I thought we got rid of you...	Yea, about that....
Most boys who grew up in the early 90's loved the Yankees, Bulls and Cowboys. I was one of them. 	I hated those people. (not actual hate, but fuck frontrunners)
Or he's asking a really fucking hard question just to show how worthless mars-one is?	good point
No I want a citation that says that official Romney campaign personnel are going around propping up the birther stuff.	The Romney campaign is associating itself with Trump, who keeps spewing this nonsense. So, yeah. All of the saber rattling, none of the responsibility.
I had a teacher in high school, mid 2000's, who would throw stuffed or inflated mini sports balls at you if he thought you weren't paying attention, on the bright side if you caught it you got a chance at extra credot	So did the good students get a chance for extra credit as well?
I'm not sure.  I don't know how strong mouthwash is compared to rubbing alcohol.	Enough to kill anything living in it. I'd have to think this would be a hard ass case to prove since the evidence would be hard to produce.  newlinechar  newlinechar Also, who the fuck would accept mouthwash as a gift? Thanks... I guess.
Where did you get this load from?	**THAT'S WHAT SHE SA...** newlinechar  newlinechar I'll show myself out.
You clearly need to [watch that again](http://mlb.mlb.com/video/play.jsp?content_id=20188195).	That play will go down in history as the only time Tim McCarver was right about something.
Far too many people on reddit do not have those concerns...	Indeed. newlinechar  newlinechar *strokes neckbeard*
I can attest to the truth of that statement.	I know Lindsay and she's just out of the shower, so it's true.
I stared at JFK's head for quite a while before figuring out this is a recreation... I guess it was obvious in hindsight	yea the top right (looking at him) side of his head should have been blown off. And im pretty sure he slumped to the back corner of his seat. IDK i have to watch the vid again
Reading your response, knowing that I say this all the time, I have to ask: where the hell did 'herro' come from? Please tell me not just Scooby Doo. newlinechar 	I think it was made popular on South Park.  The Chinese food guy who owns and operates the local 'shitty'(read: city) wok.
Touch, I did not think of that. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Watch more planet earth. Grazing animals go goddamned insane when attacked. Goats are even worse. 
And thus, by extension, Davos really *earned* that lordship. He didn't just save Stannis, he potentially saved the whole rebellion.	To be fair, even if Davos didn't get them the onions, the plans to start eating the dead were already in place. In fact, when Stannis wanted to execute a few turncloaks by throwing them out via catapult, his Maester actually told him not to waste the fresh meat.
Lies! Dresden Neustadt resident here	WHERE WERE YOU ALL THESE YEARS
i predict an excessive amount of vomiting in them	[hopefully lots of this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFW-yxe13lo)
He's that loud person at the climbing gym... The one who packs with the other loud people and makes sure that everyone else can hear their conversations.	Those guys...
when you said the father died, do you mean the food killed him or was the father the only person who could cook the food well and with him gone the food was bad?	The father kept the restaurant running well. The father died, the son took over. The son drove it into the ground, never cleaned, used the outdoor patio and part of the dining room as storage etc
I don't understand this. People hate that is doesn't crit? I feel like it needs more words.	I have to agree.  As someone who has played TF2 for a long time, but doesn't stay very current with it -- this graphic makes no sense.
Hard Scifi?	Nope, but he still needs to read them :)
It's bad, but not quite that bad: [this infographic](http://www.worstpizza.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/KitchenNightmare-Craig-070711-Final1.jpg) shows the status of all the featured restaurants as of August 2011.	I think that was the most helpful link on this topic, this should be top comment
Yet despite all of this being orchestrated and known to our government they were drumming up support for putting boots on the ground. 	&gt; were  newlinechar  newlinechar They still are.
In Spanish it's Hey-Zues!	And his best friend is a rapper named Jay-Zeus.
Recently? It has been my long-standing opinion that MCBans more or less started as shit and only gotten worse over time.	I used to be staff, until they kicked most of us for having independent thoughts.. I have so many downvotes for supporting them, lol. newlinechar  newlinechar But yeah, you're right, it's been getting worse.. They've just resorted to stealing ideas from rival projects these days..
Could just be an image organization/tagging fail too.	[Relevant](http://crayfisher.files.wordpress.com/2011/10/occam.jpg)
Pretty good, yeah... Every second construction worker is Irish though!	Is ir just construction that's good at the moment? I don't suppose you know anything about the finance or management consultancy sectors?
True, but he might be significantly more annoying than the average person.  	Dude..
[Daredevil](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0287978/); terningkast 1.	Skulle hatt en terning med 0.
Just saw a crackhead get plowed by a car at that intersection (North/Belair) this morning. 	Holy shit my gf told me about that...why don't people cross the street well on North avenue? 
is that all women are to you? A FACE?!	Ya! they have a camel toe too you know! 
very cool.  melancholia anyone?	Damn you! Just when I thought I had stopped thinking about that movie/replaying some of those last scenes in my head... 
I feel like this should be in r/circlejerk. There's nothing meta about that. 	nah, doesn't have 'brave' anywhere
&gt;I bet not a single one of you people have a significant other. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar Sick burn bro.	Coming from some libertarian neckbeard in his parents' basement, no less!
The image is 2560x1600, a standard wallpaper size for 16:10 displays. If you have a display with another aspect ratio, like 16:9 or something else, it's very easy to take the image into MS Paint and crop it.	I'm sorry; I didn't even consider it to already be in a wallpaper size. Thank you very much.
No, I need him for L1.	Wanna know the quickest way to make a L2 guy insane? Have him answer L1 emails when working overnight shift. True story.
You can literally pay 1 cent for it with Humble Bundle V.... also whole*.	the thing is my i have a debit card, it has no money on it at all
I don't think he's coming.	Oh he's here alright, listening.. watching us...
You guys are lucky,you have cheap and fast internet and cheap smartphones! newlinechar I would go for the nexus just because of the updates.	You guys have more disposable income though :) The updates, on-screen buttons and the near instant camera shutter is what is pulling me towards the nexus, but the S2 does have better 3d-graphics capability, slightly better screen, and slightly better camera quality.
Not in the slightest. A fiance would have fought tooth and nail over that, and vowed never to let it leave her sight again.  newlinechar  newlinechar The fact that she is willing to just give it up speaks poorly of her. 	I never said it didn't take any convincing. She also said I had to give it back if we ever broke up.
I just finished my 1L. newlinechar  newlinechar I have a BA in accounting, it has provided me no edge in law school. newlinechar 	have you considered going into tax law? since you have the tolerance for it i recommend taking a tax course as soon as possible to see if you might enjoy it. people rarely do so it's a good path.
Wiki page: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feel_Good_Inc. newlinechar  newlinechar Lyrics: http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/gorillaz/feelgoodinc.html	Demon Dayz deserves serious attention. A ton of depth but the most important thing is every song serves to explain the under and overlying message.
Well I'll be using that again.	Very, very soon, unfortunately.
Nah, The bloke just had loads of skittles	TASTE THE RAINBOW!
I'll take the fact that you've been studying them and didn't call me an idiot that my description was at least okay haha	Yeah, it seemed pretty on the nose to me.  You're right though, the fugue stuff is absolutely wild.
You're probably right. I just wanted the opinion of people who would be unbiased, and this subreddit seemed a good place. Historians are trained to be neutral (I would think).	Historians are assumed to be neutral, but given cultural context, biased-perspective accounts or resources, and multiple modes of pedagogy, this is *realistically* not the case.
This implies your classmates understood the concepts of fair play and sanity.  newlinechar  newlinechar Mine did not.	This is exactly why I hate dodgeball. If everybody were honest, it'd be fine. But no, at least half of the kids cheat, EVERY GODDAMN TIME.
If eve came from a rib, why do we still have ribs?	Oh don't say that...  I've heard evangelical ***pre- med students*** say men have one less rib than women... 
Googled 'Arvydas Sabonis'...he's not that ugly. Sam Cassell is way uglier than that.	He's not my Vydas, he's not your Vydas, he's Arvydas.  newlinechar  newlinechar -Dan Patrick, anytime Sabonis was in a Sportscenter clip
If no one sees me transform and I run into a village and kill people will I get a bounty? newlinechar 	Your question has merit, but unfortunetly i am currently unable to answer with any form of reasonable knowledge. Should this be rectified, I shall endeavor to inform you with the greatest swiftness possible. newlinechar  newlinechar tl;dr: dunno, must now play for another 12 hours to make sure 
What kind of pizza has ten slices?	DECAPIZZA
I'd like to see the data on that.	He said 'I've found' - you just saw data.  
[Is this... MON DIEU!](http://wiki.teamfortress.com/w/images/4/4e/Spy_JarateHit01.wav)	\*bushwacka to face*
Thank you! A couple hours.. I never time them even though everybody asks me that.	What do you do after you've done the face? Do you just wash it all off after taking pictures?  newlinechar  newlinechar It looks awesome, though!
Indeed it will and it is a good one for sure! Here's a published review of it: http://www.metal-observer.com/articles.php?lid=1&amp;sid=1&amp;id=18873. After hearing it, it is a shame that they want to quit recording, this band is just too good to just stop... :(	They'll be going out on top, that's for sure. Other bands could only wish to be so lucky. 
`Ctrl+S` to save? Seriously?	Why do you disagree?
You watched that shit while you're at work??	The w wasn't capitalized. So it was more of a sugestion not a requirement.
Probably the reddit effect.	That's a nice way of saying accidentally ddos'd a server. 
are record labels / stores generally so bad that we have to praise the ones that actually do what they are supposed to do? 	Oh, those looks one gets at record shops after anouncing that the full price for a new warped, scratched or in any other way damaged record is unreasonable...
I honestly think anything he's said about gay marriage and other related social issues has just been to appease the evangelical votes. I don't see him really caring about it enough to do much once he's in office. 	Mitt Romney will say anything to appease voters, to the point he often contradicts himself.  How do you know what he will do or not do in office?  I don't even think Mitt Romney himself knows.  The man is just another puppet.
Only when high and on a huge hi-def TV	Watch it on LSD.
I'm going to bet that's just code for 'pro-pot'. newlinechar  newlinechar Remember, Bill Maher calls himself a libertarian. newlinechar  newlinechar If he actually has libertarian leanings then sure! All the better, but I don't like getting my hopes up.	He's been quoted as saying that he is pro-free market.
Bring some humans with you.	Your comment sounds so forlorn. Now I'm sad...
Now I really want to go to Australia, if only to order dead horse on my fries! 	Chips, mate. newlinechar  newlinechar Not fries... chips.
You don't put it in your wallet in your back pocket either - this kills the condom.	I don't put the wallet in my back pocket, ever. It goes in my European Carry All. newlinechar  newlinechar (But seriously, front right pocket.)
I don't think this really covers it. It's not a reason not to be an atheist; it's a reason to be other things as well.	Or instead.  It's a reason not to define yourself by what you are not. newlinechar  newlinechar Now, if you are asking me for a reason to be a theist, that's an entirely different question.  Which I can address if you like.
Keep it clean? Might want to use some bleach to get rid of those pesty stains. 	[A-thank-you](http://instantrimshot.com/)
Wasn't crafting picture with many tiny moves of the brush, often in contrasting colors a staple of impressionism?	[](/rtsilikethis) I won't debate art movements on a Twilight Sparkle sub, but the outlines are rather strong, continuous and expressive, in my opinion. So are the colors. It's probably neither Expressionism nor Impressionism, let's just enjoy it.
50k likes on facebook. By my counts that makes much less than 5000 that aren't just slacktivists. Could be way less than 1000.	Not to mention multiple Facebook account holders like Mynameis Nonofyerbizness who like this sorry group multiple times.
You know that's a true story? Lady lost her kid. 	: (
I'm a C cup, and I only get a waterfall effect if I squish them together.	Sometimes, I squish my boobs together and create a dam with my hand, and let the water collect in my cleavage.  Then I release the floods!  newlinechar  newlinechar I do weird stuff in the shower.
Sure doesn't look like pink to me. newlinechar http://www.dotgamerclan.com/announcementsblog/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/Nocturne_Splash_0.jpg	So the one black champion they make is a monster that jumps you out of nowhere and steals your stuff.
This is my favorite song from that show.	They write love songs I can empathise with, not about undying devotion but about having sex in a pantry and falling for the leggy blonde in the office. Best comedy folk rock duo from New Zealand ever.
God forbid they should have a new IP.	No one buys systems for new IP.
Because of the strength and durability of floss in water (salted or chlorinated) opposed to simple thread?	Hmmm, maybe you're right. I was thinking Nylon thread would probably be more appropriate for this application, but I guess that's just because I've never seen anyone use dental floss for sewing :P
Obama has released his *twice*, and it was recently re-confirmed to be legit by a *Republican* in Hawaii, for Arizona's elections board.  newlinechar  newlinechar What else do you want Donald?	To be a God of course. His ego will fill all the universes and, especially, the wormholes. 
le monkey face xD Xd	DAE GO ON 4CHAN newlinechar 
don't forget cyclone strike.	Don't forget blinding flash.
&gt;they think  newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah, I don't know if there's a whole lot of that going on.	&gt; they really really really hope that newlinechar  newlinechar Better?
###WHERE DID ALL THE DIFFERENT RACES COME FROM newlinechar  newlinechar [](/checkmate) newlinechar  newlinechar ####IF ADAM AND EVE WERE WHITE?	THIS! CHECK-MATE! They also had navels!!! Every image we have of them shows that! **Nobody** (expect theologians over a timespan of like some thousand years) can explain that! Logic wins again!
Does entropy matter when considering stats and how well the deck is shuffled.	I am not a clever man, and therefore I am the worst person to ask.
We still need Monday Funday, though.	And MONOBATTLES!!!!!!!!!
Whatever floats your boat.	&gt;whatever sinks your submarine newlinechar  newlinechar FTFY
Who's dinner?	Spidey's life partner's dinner.
Someone tell JOSS!	Does this mean you have a talent for smashing? You seem a little small to be throwing cars around. 
Shhhh you're disturbing the karma whore in its natural habitat	Steve Irwin, I am not
My understanding is that there's an electrolytic reaction, just like when you make an electric cell by pushing metal rods into a lemon.   newlinechar  newlinechar It doesn't need an external power source because the slug (in combination with the copper) *is* the power source.	Do you happen to know what the electrolyte is?
Perhaps with a long story and then a marginally relevant question attached to it? 	And you can tell the question asker is looking for a different answer but knows they're not going to get one.
I've never really understood why people made fun of the Irish for the potato thing. It's like 'Ha Ha, You survived.'	Decimated the population., forced mass emigration and allowed the crumpets eating wobbly dumpkins to commandeered the North.
sounds like my grandfather taking a leak, Mikey! 	Upvote for Goonies reference.
&gt; are just racist neanderthals.  newlinechar  newlinechar Fuck.  You.	Downvoted, then saw username. Good one! 
He grabbed her off my couch. It was not concensual. He was punched in the shoulder.	Not cool, he broke the bro code.
200 mb/s is pretty good...	not if youre used to 3 mb/s :) newlinechar started again a few moments ago, now its back up at 2,7mb/s and will be done in half an hour.
He left to go see Rampart	Fuck you, now I can't stop laughing at work.
It watches me when we make love.	'...I always feel like...somebody's watching meeeeeee....'
&gt; **and**/or newlinechar  newlinechar e_e	Never know these days.
Change that to a book spoiler, people gon' get mad.	If they haven't read ASOS and still are stupid enough to enter this thread, they kinda ask for it, right?
lol land! Oh i miss MTG days.	Yeah this is my first pokemon tournament i really need to stop saying land.
Hey guys, at work at the moment but an update will be coming tonight.	For a moment there I thought the creature got you. Glad to see I was wrong!
It's mine though, and thanks for posting them :)	Most welcome, keep up the great art! :D
Be sure to use their full names. fair is fair. newlinechar  newlinechar barack hussein obama newlinechar  newlinechar WILLARD MITTENS ROMNEY	'Willard' was a *RAT!* newlinechar  newlinechar **COINCIDENCE? WE REPORT, *YOU* DECIDE**
God, I love me some Elliott Smith.	I know what you mean.
[wht?](http://forum.cheatengine.org/files/dolan_154.png)	romney pls
Reverse gender, not of age to make those decisions, consent from a position of authority is tainted, etc. newlinechar  newlinechar How old are you by the way?	Older now that that 30 something hottie that fucked me when I was a teenager. Edit: She fucked my brains out, i should say.
You could say the level design was ... predictable. 	I hadn't played cod for a few years, since cod 2.
Came here to say that exact thing	Agree.  I was blown away by the last few minutes of it.
Imagine your appendix exploding.	Ta! You wanker!
Ancaps believe in the NAP. newlinechar Spanking violates the NAP newlinechar Therefore ancaps reject spanking. newlinechar This isn't hard stuff. You don't need studies to see violence, especially against children, is wrong and shouldn't be accepted. You wouldn't hit someone else's kid so why should you hit your own?	You're working off the assumption that parents spank children for no reason. In fact most spankings are a reaction to something a child has done first. Self-defense or defense of others is not a violation of the NAP. 
What do you mean by a speedart? like a time-lapse painting?	I think it is where you record the whole painting process on a shoe and then speed it up so that people can see the whole thing in just a few minutes. newlinechar  newlinechar Someone please correct me if I'm wrong.
I think that's the point they are trying to make. newlinechar 	That he can't bring actually bring 100k people and thus isn't the nominee?
You're Canadian right? New Brunswick is a city in NJ and also a province here in Canada. 	Yes, Now it all makes sense.  newlinechar  newlinechar Thanks
Commenting for later. That sounds fascinating!	Reddit Enchantment Suite!
Aye Canterbury's not bad. I'm thinking more somewhere open, green and away from people/traffic/buildings to just sit, chill and chat. Anywhere in Canters like that?	mate what about Hever castle? gorgeous grounds and a bit of history if you fancy doing the tour, and if not just chill on the lawns taking in the scenery. Leeds castle too.
Cum on my cat's face once, shame on me. Cum on it twice...	Still shame on you. 
CTRL+ESC	Works for bringing up the [menu](http://classicshell.sourceforge.net/), which I use quite extensively. However, it cannot be used as an replacement for Win-Arrow or any other windows key functionality (Win-d, Win-r, Win-m, etc).
29-30 sounds alright to me. What makes you think you've done it wrong.	When trying to mount the cooler, I lifted it a little from the CPU and saw that the paste had been spread only on about 60% of the surface. I think that there are parts of the CPU surface that contact the cooler directly, with no paste in between 
I just bought a Revlon Lip Butter in Pink Truffle (and my skin is just as light as yours) and it looks very natural. Pretty much it looks like a better version of my own lip color. I would absolutely reccomend it to you too! :)	Or, if the lip butters are too lip-sticky, the Revlon kissable balm stains are apparently amazing, and work a lot with the colour of the wearers lips!
[here ya go!](http://i.imgur.com/xOnZe.jpg)	This is probably still my favorite image on the internet.
For future reference you don't need to calculate the minutes. You can just use hours min and sec. t=4h0m6s	But it's 5h16m.
bet you did anyways tho. newlinechar amirite?	Bet you did it a little more after you read through this AMA.
Upvote for Goonies reference.	Thank you...I was trying to see if I am as old as I think I am...you have made me feel young again my friend!
Woah, I like your music :) 	Thanks!
Marry me? I can cook!	No, marry *me*. I can cook and clean!
She is an ass indeed.	[WWWHHHAAAAATT?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8fWNtYGew8)
Red Dawn, Hotel Rwanda, and many other movies were great for creating just wars! OR! It's just a movie. Sorry, tin foil hats can go back in the closet people.	Too many tinfoil hats in reddit. newlinechar  newlinechar Way too many.
I prefer 85. The original looks weird at 90.	I prefer 0.
my pleasure. The response is crazy good. Went to sleep a few hours ago and woke up to so many happy posts. Thanks for the warm welcome. 	Wow.  Victoria Rae Black talked to me on Reddit.  I'm never washing this laptop again.
Is the second season already finished?	I'm pretty sure that a couple are finished, not sure about the entire season however
[Phosphenes](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phosphene). That's what they're called. newlinechar  newlinechar Themoreyouknow.jpg	Indeed they are.  During my self-induced light-show, I lost track of actual words.
Most Mexicans are  caucasian, intermixed with native populations. 	Which is what I am, and yes I know. Mestizo. I'm Really light skinned. 
haha i know, i was just messin' with ya.  i guess the key is, if you do ever find a time machine, make sure you go back to meet him in the right year! 	Nothing worse than successfully building a time machine only to find out you miscalibrated and are now stuck seducing a wrinkly, ornery old man ;)
He could always Chris Brown her.	That would be smashing.
Im sitting here with sun poisoning, can't move an inch without tremendous pain from the burns and you just caused me to laugh which resulted in more discomfort. newlinechar  newlinechar Hate you now	Oh sun poisoning's not so bad. I hear that's just a *light* afflication...
I'm afraid that with .4 accuracy, you don't have much of a choice.	D:
Good.  Better than bombing.	True, better than bombing. But perhaps even better would be to refrain from launching a cyber attack against a country that [all 16 US intelligence agencies believe is not even trying to build nuclear weapons](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/02/25/world/middleeast/us-agencies-see-no-move-by-iran-to-build-a-bomb.html).
[Well at least you're trying to be funny.](/privilege) newlinechar  newlinechar Also newlinechar  newlinechar  [](/benned)	this exchange is the best thing that has ever happened
Whats more disturbing is that the parents were not laughed out of court.	The school settled, if they'd taken it to court I imagine they would have lost but I assume the school didn't want to do so for some reason.
Because Revengeance sounds like something a 12 year old that watches too much anime came up with?	Who gives a fuck?
The hearts seemed normal, it's a texture pack I assume. newlinechar  newlinechar If you loaded a snapshot it might have done something, otherwise I have no idea.	I just changed my difficulty at the main menu and it worked. sorry for being stupid and thanks for your help C: 
http://www.vicroads.vic.gov.au/NR/rdonlyres/825D27E2-193B-482E-BEB1-FE527F6C2A12/0/part_19.pdf	If I was a cop there is no way I'd put money in the meter. 
http://i.imgur.com/wCGSD.jpg	We write it that way because that's how we say it - 'January ninth' as opposed to 'the ninth of January.' It makes sense.
Bloodline Keeper would like a word...	But not the only word. Olivia and sister Aristocrat are also black.
I've heard so much about it here on reddit I have to see it! 	I put it on at 4 a.m. to go to sleep to one night when I was exhausted.  I hadn't seen it before and I could not stop paying attention.  Stayed up til 5:30 to watch it all despite being super-tired.
Isn't it ironic that *all* of those faces are referred to as rage faces, even though many of them don't even depict any type of rage?	It's like rain, when it isn't ironic.
My shrikes always explode when I come within 5 meters of anything. You must have a magical shrike.	It's just another example of the poor physics and inconsistent collision damage.
It's called the road it's called the Rainbow Road...	It is a road where you goooooooo...
That was my assumption as well...which tells me how great the news is in Columbus.	My favorite is when they report on technology!
Was he the one who knocks?	White/Pinkman 2012
I hope he signs for them, failing that as good as he's been I hope we don't sign him. There is no way I can think of that we could come out of it looking good.	Glad to see people thinking like this. I know it's not like we should expect honour or class in today's football, but poaching the manager and best player of an exciting new club (to the league) seems a bit off imo.
Ok, let me rephrase, how can anyone be **prosecuted** for missing school?	Sounds like it's a Texas thing.  When you miss school you automatically go before the courts. newlinechar  newlinechar *This message sponsored by Texas Tourism...where we throw our kids in prison and everyone has guns
The Mariachi version...	You say this and i hear the opening to Johnny Cash's 'Ring of Fire' for some reason...
Weird that Jericho appears so high in this list, above CM Punk, yet in the other, he's on 4^th place, under Punk... newlinechar  newlinechar Glad to see HBK up there, though. Greatest in-ring performer of all time!	Jericho has the bigger legacy but Punk is more on it atm!
Thanks for evening things out.	:D I just think that targeting 'straight women' isn't the way to go about this. We should not point fingers around here, but instead strive to educate and prove wrong those who would belittle and judge us. 
I do not think the general consensus would enjoy fanart of such a nature as their background &lt;&lt;	Am I allowed to do a collab of users like the banner I showed earlier?
Shouldn't the parents just teach the kid who is deathly allergic to peanuts to not eat them/stay away from them?	Yeah, it seems like any kid over the age of six should be able to comprehend 'don't eat that.' 
If you end up in a house with someone named astrid, don't kill her.	also, if a guy runs up to you in solitude and asks for help, help him,  and ask bartenders about rumors.
Hey Dave!  Maybe you could try and be a bit more involved?  It's nearly killing me and the other guy posting everything....	Man, I told you before, I only joined because you blackmailed me with the pictures of me and that pony.
Yah I was thinking of getting an Arduino to learn more about micro-controllers. I will have to check out the beginners kits. 	This is a good 'starter kit' with a small book of things to try/learn included: http://www.sparkfun.com/products/10173
Or you know, the fact that the heart is on the *left* side of the body.	The heart is more centrally located than most people think.  They lied to you in elementary school!
I have recently started seriously experimenting with this, and I find it really preps my beard more thoroughly.	I suspect that having more mechanical action to really work water and soap into the beard can't be a bad thing :)
So is the caterpillar considered dead and the butterfly born? Or could it almost be seen as reincarnation or something.	Schrodinger's caterpillar?
yup. Nintendo bailed on them for panasonic to make the CDI, and sony was so pissed that they had wasted all that money on dev, that they decided to enter the market themselves. Pretty funny when you think about it.	well i am glad they did.
That's what he said. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar ...Or at least I think that's what he said.  It was hard to tell through the sobbing.	Holy shitting fuck. Re-reading through the thread and I find *this*? newlinechar I thought the witness stand one finished me off...
He's a douche, let's be honest. newlinechar  newlinechar Just looking him up on [Google images](http://www.google.co.uk/search?hl=en&amp;cp=6&amp;gs_id=1v&amp;xhr=t&amp;q=dave+navarro&amp;bav=on.2,or.r_gc.r_pw.r_qf.,cf.osb&amp;biw=1680&amp;bih=918&amp;um=1&amp;ie=UTF-8&amp;tbm=isch&amp;source=og&amp;sa=N&amp;tab=wi&amp;ei=DK_IT-uxEcur-gaL6rlg) to check if he looks as douchey as I remember made me physically angry.	Looking like a douche and being a douche are very different, he seemed like a nice guy to me.
I'm a kid today and [I find this statement offensive.](http://i.imgur.com/JQYrG.jpg)	Buy this guy a beer...but not right now, like in 4 years or something.
HELLO. YES THIS IS ROCK.	Mr.Rock, how did you become dog?
WHO THE FUCK TOLD YOU ABOUT THAT!? IT HAPPENED ONCE! I DRANK A LOT OF FLUIDS THAT NIGHT!	AND I FORGOT TO GO TO THE TOILET BEFORE BED, THAT IS A LEGITIMATE REASON TO WET THE BED
Christ, how long was his sentence?	Don't remember exactly.  He may have been convicted of other crimes too.  I know about the rape because he showed up on the sex offender registry.
Wait... wat?	He said....**I get it! Because the marlins are fish. And fish stink. And the cubs are good. And bananas. Right?!**
Just because she's bisexual doesn't give her the right to act that way with girls, if she were straight and acted that way with other guys would that be acceptable? no.	This. Flirting is off-limits, regardless of sexuality, intentions or gender.
[](/fluttershh) I think you forgot a 'not' somewhere	[](/twicrazy) Oh no, I did forget a 'not'.
which series is this?	Goodnight punpun.  newlinechar  newlinechar Couldnt recommend enough
Then you should reconsider this plan	Seriously, haha. Hey guys I need some thumb tacks to hold this paper on my wall but would a rail road spike driven with a sledge hammer work too?
I don't even know what a sweater puupy is lol	You have two of them...they are beautiful :)
German?	Oh yeah. English is so hard for me. 
You forgot about the one that believes that government interference in the Free Market causes discrimination and that the Invisible Hand would naturally end bigotry.	It's too bad that hand's invisible, or we'd all see it's been giving us the finger the whole time. 
We got back together a couple of months after the busch gardens thing. Then about a month after that went to islands. Worst carride home ever.	i thought it was on a single trip to the themepark haha
Just like real ones.	Those too, just not as often. newlinechar  newlinechar Also, Upvotes for Cake!
But why do you buy it really? What's the reason you want this thing?	obviously to make him feel superior to the poor schmuck next to him on the elevator, who is using his *old* iphone.
Uhh yeah, [you do](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democratic_Party_(United_States).	What? I don't know why you linked to that, because the opening paragraph says 'Barack Obama is the 15th **Democrat** to hold the office of President of the United States.'
A system with 128gb of ram is entirely doable.  Some motherboards even support 256gb of ram.	On a PC?  Why would that even be necessary?  (IT student, truly curious..)
He doesn't play Starcraft :/	FIX IT.
It says there are coins dating back to 1864. For paper currency, it's 1957.	I also have an indian head penny from 1883
It is possible OP doesn't own a smartphone.	I do, and there is an app available in the US for it, but not in the EU. WTF bliss.
I work in a drive thru and I can confirm this. I hear kids crying in the backseat about how they want chicken nuggets instead of a burger. I also hear customers cuss about prices and stuff, thinking that I can't hear them...	Haha whenever the customers complain that the small fry isn't on the dollar menu anymore, I make up some bullspit story about a potato shortage in the country.
Yes. Also the european union	That had me confused for a while...
TL;DR: Hats.	and pants, and funny coats!
ABC 7 is local for Southern California 	And New York.
and the canadian guy who cut up some guy and sent the body parts to our political parties. 	the video was to 80s synth rock as well.
I certainly do, however, that dress she's wearing! Do not want.	The dress is a little wonky, but the look on her face makes me love her just a little bit more....
Don't forget to say where you're from as you don't have a flag set... although I think I can make a pretty good [guess](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iceland) :P	Whoops, sorry. Your guess was right. :)
Services that rely on imported cost inputs such as fuel would benefit from devaluation? Are you mad? newlinechar  newlinechar The only thing devaluation devalues is the price of labor.	The whole point is to devalue the price of labor. Either by devaluation (depreciation) or internal devaluation (wage cutting). The effect is the same either way, except that internal devaluation is massively more disruptive and drawn out.
The poster admitted it was a 'look at this shit' kind of post. That's not a question, that's a disguised rant.	BEP, you can go and look in IAmA modmail and seen that this is fake.  Maybe you can vouch for me?
It was also cheaper like a lot of things were back then. 	Yeah I saw a picture that was reposted a couple times of a guy holding a sign from Woodstock saying 'Acid $1'.
Nah, I'm from England.	This still makes sense.
YOU HAD ONE JOB, you was suppost to say 'If only that was possible...'	Dammit man, he made the karma train derail.
as a cartogropher, I can confirm that there is no perfect circle island	So, what you're saying is, some drop science, while you're droppin' cartography?
THANK YOU	No problem man.
I would give anything to have a tine machine so that I could go back to before I read that.  	it was to 80s synth music too, fucking new order.
So is that an advantage or disadvantage? usually I enjoy it, but it makes it really hard to look somewhere else :/	Don't worry, it's hard to look anywhere else regardless of your height. newlinechar 
They are voting. newlinechar The country has gone to shit. newlinechar The second is not necessarily a result of the first.	Your sarcasm-o-meter is broken, good sir.
[](/ppcute) I just ate a whole pizza &amp; now it's the weekend!	Lucky you, I wish I had a whole pizza to eat...
oh no. really? you like naked girls but two fingers was too offensive? It wasn't directed at you. Sorry. ;(	Don't worry about him. Some of us like girls who aren't afraid to offend people. 
http://tubemate.net/ newlinechar  newlinechar my favourite. newlinechar  newlinechar I'm assuming it still works, used it 2 weeks ago.	Works, thanks :)
What if I'm looking for drugs?	As a 19th ward dweller I can testify that Luther Court indeed has some bustling industry. If the stumbling crackheads and shouting outside my window at 3 am is any indication. newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar edit: just make sure you're wearing red
Husk at sortr vandet fra, dagen efter :) men ellers er den lige i skabet	'den lige i skabet' r det som huvudet p spiken? [666]
Mitt Romney will say anything to appease voters, to the point he often contradicts himself.  How do you know what he will do or not do in office?  I don't even think Mitt Romney himself knows.  The man is just another puppet.	True. but in stating this you must also realize that they are ALL puppets, including the incumbent.
Wear a life jacket? 	They aren't called those anymore. They are called Personal Flotation Devices or PFDs now. My guess is someone died wearing one and their cunt of a family sued to have the name changed.
&gt; at least you can say you've done SOMETHING newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah, they've totally signed some papers and took a physical! newlinechar  newlinechar TAKE THAT, CIVILIANS!	I used that exact line on him. Lol
Although it has similarities, every person's ego death is unique in my opinion.	Yes, your hallucinations are your own of course.
[Wah Wah Wah!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xd7AC4S0NnU)	[...and it remained with him until his dith.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MjbwCS_KKnw)
The point is, the democratic party has not ALWAYS been for minority rights.  	Yea what is it they arent getting here?
What are these from?	I think it's from a Russian Insurance ad. newlinechar  newlinechar [Here's the full video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_y5vNFKMdg)
It looks like one of those 'Selling this domain' landing pages.  It doesn't appeal to me at all :-/.	First thing I thought as well, sorry.
Meet you in the barn later? 	You'll be in for a surprise, Glenn! That reminds me, I have to round up some chickens and break their legs, it's almost lunch.
bike shop tech here. all i personally run is shimano. and lets be honest, electronic shifting is pretty fucking cool.	electronic shifting seemed so out of reach, i was amazed when i looked at the ultegra electonic kit :D
:&lt;	I messed everything up I failed you all.
Wait you WON?	[I belive its the 4th game from the top atm](http://www.lolking.net/summoner/na/20103481#history)
I only played for a little bit, but here's what i had so far. It doesn't seem to have units like firebenders and etc. but it's a good start for the mod.  [screen shots yo](http://imgur.com/a/d1IrY)	Oh man, I love how Ba-Sing-Se got the great wall wonder.
Thanks!	Hear him, man. Xbox 360 controllers are awesome. I don't regret a thing for buying one.
Have you heard his last few albums?  newlinechar  newlinechar By that statement of yours, Im not sure you have. newlinechar  newlinechar edit. reformatted to make actual sense. 	Making lyrics is not the same as having a conversation.
Or they are zombies that can speak and reason.	We're fucked.
I thought it was a bit odd that Elia cared about Lyanna and Rhaegar, given Dorne's penchant for paramours	Running away and kidnapping another woman after publicly naming her the Queen of beauty is a tad different than taking a paramour, but I get your point. 
They wait. They hide in the bushes. They watch. newlinechar  newlinechar And they will return... and enact their revenge.	Now I feel spiders all over me.
Do you happen to know what the electrolyte is?	Sorry, no.   newlinechar  newlinechar I suspect 'slime' will not be an answer of sufficient precision for a subreddit of this high calibre.
Or 26, year olds. 1 year olds. 	Year olds? That doesn't sound right.
I use Internet Explorer. I shall switch today. 	good.....very good
Not everyone can afford medical insurance (or is able to get it).	That doesn't mean that I should be responsible for paying someone else's bills.
i guess i am too.  i posted it and i just came in to see if anyone else has.  i am late to the party, again.	Ctrl-F brought so much disappointment.
I took this one last summer. newlinechar  newlinechar http://i.imgur.com/QOeIO.jpg	nice pano !! well done !
Mitt Romney has many houses throughout the country.  Why would he have so many?  It is only reasonable to suppose that he has one or more wives in each one.  As far as I know, he has never denied this.	Yeah and I am sure he raped and murdered a girl in 1990.  He hasn't denied it right?
'Would you quit playing internet spaceships and spend some time with me?'	you dont have to worry about her saying that.  you have to worry when she *stops* saying that.  trust me, i know.
Seems like Dany is going mad king Aerys on us, here's hoping she dies after seeing all her dragons die 1 by 1.	That sounds like GRRM, yeah.
The fifth is my 26th birthday :)	June 5ther reporting in as well.  I'll be 30.  Been telling my friends that the solar system is getting me the transit of Venus for my birthday, what are THEY getting me?
But what of the mudkips?	I was just thinking that this is the most socially conscious mudkip i have ever met. Most just look at you with that ridiculous grin then do a mudslap.
I also really enjoyed Legend of Dragoon for the PSX, but to a lesser extent. Have you played it?	its getting a HD release on PSN!
PM your email and I'll send you a 'Tell a friend' invite :) newlinechar  newlinechar FYI: https://forum.tera-europe.com/showthread.php?t=83914	Thanks! PM has been sent :)
I keep seeing this album popping up around /r/vinyl. Can anyone give me some info about it?	It's Davis' best know work.
backing up your statement http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/ue8p0/my_girlfriend_and_i_wanted_to_cuddle_but_we/c4umd9y newlinechar Bradford_j asked: newlinechar &gt; But who took the picture? newlinechar  newlinechar OP, mount cleverest relies with: newlinechar &gt;Her roommate!	Oh jeez, i just thought I saw lotion and tissue and assumed, you know.  cause that's.  nevermind.
The marketing execs found that guys weren't thrilled about a Disney movie called 'Princess of Mars', while girls weren't thrilled about the 'of Mars' part. Hence, the name was chosen by committee.	Yea thats what i read.  Also heard they picked john carter cause they felt americans could relate more.  Sorta serves them right for thinking everyone is too stupid to appreciate a movie.
We lucked out on that one, even though I doubt cats could do a worse job of running the world than people.	You don't think cats *arranged* for our opposable thumbs, just so they didn't have to bother with them?
OR Some people's pregnant fingers get too swollen to wear their lovely ring. :)	Thats me :( I wear them on a chain around my neck but I really miss wearing them on my finger
donde esta la biblioteca	Soy Araa discoteca
holy shit newlinechar How was that 13 years ago?!	suppressed memory 
I think it's supposed to be taken less seriously than the other games. 	This wasn't always the case though. The early footage of this game looked very different. I'll still play it, but I was more excited before all this flashy stuff came along.
And when eligible voters are being purged BECAUSE THAT IS THE INTENT of the Republicans who keep raising this non-issue all over the place. newlinechar  newlinechar 	The GOP can not win a fair election!
Nope. But the pic is from r/gonewild and was originally posted by two verified girls.	I didn't want to be the one to admit I recognized it, but yes, you're right. Good call.
I read 'what the fart.' newlinechar  newlinechar 	lol... now I will forevermore read WTF as What The Fart
Doublethink.  Orwell didn't invent the concept, just the word.	Don't think twice, you'll just end up with two different results.
Or Day of the Triffid for that matter (which probably inspired the beginning of 28 Days Later...)	Day of triffid? What is that? I've never heard of it.
If you're going to state that a well respected scientist is selling out you should at least substantiate your claim. Not blindly accept it and click upvote.  newlinechar  newlinechar But yes, I agree with your statement, still, back it up. 	He's not saying the guy sold out. newlinechar  newlinechar He said the possibility that the guy sold out is one we should consider
Why the fuck are so many proud when it comes to the act of rapeing? They encourage it in others, they boast of it, they describe how they'd do it in extensive detail, etc. etc.	Because they're wanklords who glorify getting sex while demonising any kind of concern for others (especially *fffeeemales*) and also fail to distinguish between rape and sex somehow, so it seems like the only way to fit into their stupid homosocially defined hyper-masculine values
I just wish I could be as happy as that dog for one day. newlinechar  newlinechar Look at him.  Just look at his face.  He thinks life is the most amazing fun ever.	Is he not aware of the fact that for every picture taken his soul is captured and stored away? Soon he will be.......,devil dog newlinechar 
Yeah, especially if you want the international stuff. I'll never find a single source that I consider totally trustworthy on Middle East issues though; recommendations are welcome.	http://www.aljazeera.com/ ? newlinechar  newlinechar 
Australian: I have never, ever seen 'Fosters', anywhere.	isn't Fosters just a joke we play on foreigners? 
would that work, even?  swirling it around to make a blush color?	yep- it makes a pretty bronzy pink color
Works the same for people getting paid every week, since some months have 5 pay days. Just budget for 4 weeks each month and save the extra.	Great point, didn't really come to my mind when I was posting this.
well... the '/r/' in front of it means it has the very high potential to be a large pile of dung where idiots yell at eachother and copypaste crappy jokes. newlinechar  newlinechar 	Can't argue with that.
I just got some slings- Pampho. platyomma, and Pampho. 'Ecuador.' I love all the different color morphs they go through as they mature!	I used to have a Pamphobeteus sp. 'South Ecuador'.  It was female and still had some of the craziest coloration I have ever seen.
[I agree](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01QK5ovQNfE)  newlinechar  newlinechar *turn down speakers, very loud recording*	WTF did I just watch? What a lame show.
You will need Midge spray... Not midget... Midge they are wee tiny bastards that attempt to eat you alive. Annoying as fuck.and if your going to the country a good pair of sturdy walking boots	Get Avon Skin So Soft Dry Oil Body Spray, you can find it in Outdoor shops. Best anti-midge spray around..  newlinechar  newlinechar 
Sounds like Murder, She Wrote, just with Cthulu instead of Tom Bosley.	You just got me to wiki search that. Seems interesting. 
haha well I lived with 2 mets fans for a few years and the hatred kinda rubbed off.  again, this is a thread of hatred without truly significant reason to back it up.	That makes sense, the Mets have every reason to hate the Phillies too
So the one black champion they make is a monster that jumps you out of nowhere and steals your stuff.	black pantheon
mine is x3 ... three times more secure.	You're once, twice, three times my security. newlinechar 
What do you mean by '5 stacks NV'?	After you've dinged 60, each time you kill a pack of champions or a yellow boss, you get a buff called Nephilim Valor (NV) that increases Gold &amp; Magic Find by 15%. This lasts 30 min, stacks 5 times, and is lost on skill changes or disconnecting.
I don't really like people in my pics, so I either waited for folks to disappear, or I went either ridiculously early in the morning or late in the evening.	I wanted an unpopulated picture of Hiroshima-jo at 12pm on a sunny sunday in Spring when the cherry blossoms were blooming.... got it by using a tripod, six shots and a little photoshop patience! newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.flickr.com/photos/stunt_penguin/2583094565/in/photostream
Please tell me you post them for karma.	Twist: his name is Ian
He's easily got another season, maybe two or three, left in the tank and he's never missed the playoffs. I don't think he'll hit 500 this year but he'll smash it by the time he retires. 	Thanks for the answer
Not always true, I was pulled over a few months ago for going 38 in a 35 zone on State street in SLC.	Let me guess, South Salt Lake?
Because he's the best movie superman.	Plus exposition &amp; suspension of disbelief would be far easier with those two actors. 
math never lies	but chunky = win, so does minecraft = -solitude? newlinechar  newlinechar Edited for math.
You can't upgrade a laptops GPU or CPU. Usually soldered in.	Well, I'll be damned. That puts an end to my conquest. Thanks! 
Might be about time to drop the 'ito' from the nombre!	He is called Chicharito because his father was called Chicharo ;)
So that 'stan' is meaning 'land of' in old persian is just coincidence so to speak?	That's probably where balochistan got its name.  Not exactly a coincidence.
####*le*	^^^das 
Kentucky student here. (*I'm from Universal City, TX so....Go Spurs!*) I agree, brow must stay. newlinechar  newlinechar Teeth....seriously do need fixing though.	At least with the teeth he looked like your average Kentucky citizen. 
IF GOD WANTED YOU UP THERE HE WOULD HAVE MIRACLED YOUR ASS UP THERE	IT LOOKS TO ME LIKE THE BEST PART OF YOU RAN DOWN THE CRACK OF YOUR MOMMA'S ASS AND ENDED UP AS A BROWN STAIN ON THE MATRESS! I THINK YOU BEEN CHEATED!!
Clearly photoshopped, nothing in Madison can be higher than the Capitol.	I dunno, I think I met some people back in April who fit the bill for that description.
It's war.  Bad shit happens.  At least he feels remorse about it, which is a start.	&gt;bad shit happens newlinechar  newlinechar Doesn't mean we gotta like it. :(
You're a dick	indeed, you do realize you went after a girl who was already in a commitment? wake up and just move on, it was a fling, and she doesnt want you now.
&gt; Oracle's case decimated newlinechar  newlinechar Shit, how do they still have 90% of their case left?	10% of their lawyers were executed. A little hard to run a case after that!
Enough to kill anything living in it. I'd have to think this would be a hard ass case to prove since the evidence would be hard to produce.  newlinechar  newlinechar Also, who the fuck would accept mouthwash as a gift? Thanks... I guess.	Every mouthwash bottle I've ever bought had a plastic seal around the top. I'd be seriously suspicious to receive a gift of unsealed mouthwash.
Ah, good point. I assumed it'd be a more regulated system with a touch of due processes. Silly assumption...	Of course not. Hollywood wrote this policy and told ISPs to like it. It would be shocking if they *didn't* give themselves as much power as they possibly can.
I really don't see what the majority of people moaning about this update have to worry about. It's going to be extensively tested before it's actually on live servers and the new abilities they're releasing sound really interesting! I mean, AOE damage in runescape? hot damn	But , but...no love for d2h :[?
What? newlinechar  newlinechar Do your damn assignments and be a productive pothead instead.	Exactly, I had strict parents. I had to have all homework done before I could sneak off and smoke pot.
Anyone else watch Hatfield's and Mccoy's on the history channel? Phenomenal show/movie.  newlinechar  newlinechar One great quote from it: 'You must let your heart break. Only when the most innocent part of you suffers can there be change.'	i was made with a heart of stone~ newlinechar to be broken with one hard blow~~~~
I subbed to this guy's channel because of this. His commentary is fucking 100%.	Thanks dude! Really appreciate it!
It's on the F/X Nstwork tslsvieion etation.	What is 'ths?'
&gt;Hey maybe this guy can be the 400th person to start their own version of SRS and quit trying after 3 days. newlinechar  newlinechar /r/RealSRS/ newlinechar  newlinechar [lol](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8E_zMLCRNg) newlinechar 	funny story: I had the one of the first posts in that sub, asking about the logistics of how we'd handle it as I was interested in participating. newlinechar  newlinechar **My post was deleted by the mod.**
this please	[as you wish!](http://www.reddit.com/r/celebritylookalike/)
Doesn't this sort of become the 'infinite chimps on typewriters' situation after awhile?  Once enough articles, sources and papers from enough students are loaded into the system, nothing is original anymore.	Yes.
Every time I see something like this all I can think is how I reaally need to learn how to craft.	That was essentially how I started! You should check out deviantart: There are lots of tutorials on sewing, embroidery and general plushie making. There are even super-easy patterns! Free ones!
but sometimes I want to know which wifi networks are available. They could have it appear as a notification rather than a bubble. It would still be functional and more practical.	If I need to know which WiFi networks are available, I'll go to the list manually. Since that's when I actually wants to connect to a network.   newlinechar    newlinechar Turning that off just stops it from asking me unnecessarily.
Ninpo! Grammatics-no-jutsu!	Why is it water style? lol
Typical, Queen couldn't be bothered showing up for the rehearsal.	innit - who does she think she is, the Queen of En....oh.
He did add them at one point, but ended up to glitchy and decided to a abondon the idea until further notice (provided out of memory, not actual facts)	There is a perfectly good aether right there. Right on the internet. For free. All ~~notch~~ Jeb has to do is implement it. (Aether mod stopped updating after 1.0 or something) newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Jeb is lead Dev now
They make anyone FAAB take them, sexually active or not, before they'll treat them for essentially anything at all. 	That's a bit...creepy.
Sounds profound, but I think that's bullshit.	I'm the smallest minority of everyone who is me. Therefore, I demand that everyone dedicate all their resources to protecting (and feeding) me.
&gt;the Mountain newlinechar  newlinechar you mean the oak tree.	Ian Whyte's Gregor takes all the epicness out of it... :(
I WARNED YOU ABOUT INFLATION BRO!!!! newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar I TOLD YOU [DOG](http://www.mspaintadventures.com/sweetbroandhellajeff/)!	For a 8rief moment I forgot that I wasn't on /r/homestuck. newlinechar  newlinechar Well done.
Hold on, I've been followed by curry sausages. Wouldn't that invalidate clause 3.4.b.firetruck.duck of the policy?	I know a guy, we can make this work.  newlinechar  newlinechar Don't forget to oompa-loompa your shpadoinkle.
'Ok sir, what happens if you stop kicking it?	'It sometimes quietly sings something that sounds like [this](http://youtube.com/watch?v=SmVAWKfJ4Go).'
They can still hug, but there are specific policies about how. Like they can't engage the hugs, it has to be one armed so that it's open, never when you're alone behind closed doors, etc.	Policies like this bring sexual tension in otherwise harmless activities in the first place.
heh, I'm Irish... so I guess my comment was influenced by that fact. Edit to clarify: My comment was a joke... I don't really want the queen to take an SA-80 butt to the nose... royals should be on the business end of rifles ;)	It is probably an L85 or L85A2. It certainly isn't one of the LSW or Carbine variants. newlinechar [ newlinechar L85A2](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ae/L85A2.JPEG) for reference.
Some guys are into that...	Yeah like, I totally heard from a friend he is into that stuff, could you give me tips so I can tell him?
Everywhere I've seen you, you've been spouting abuse about Liverpool. What makes you hate them that much?	I have him tagged as 'Roy Evans shagged hims mum'. It's one thing to not like a club, we all do that. And it's another to give them some shit, we mostly do that too. But he's obsessed. 
To be fair, Louisiana *does* have pretty good punch.	I don't know what you're talking about. The 'Louisiana punches' was a boxing match between Napoleon and Thomas Jefferson. It's true I saw it on the History channel. /s
BEP, you can go and look in IAmA modmail and seen that this is fake.  Maybe you can vouch for me?	I thought it was fake. These people just want to cause a commotion.
I always thought Karen was younger than that.	Ah, the old Reddit switcharoo. ;) newlinechar  newlinechar Alas, I was talking about the *real* woman, not the girl in the picture.
You guys are probably related lol.	I don't know about that but depending on how old you are, you might know some of my Gaylord friends haha. Small world.
Glad to see people thinking like this. I know it's not like we should expect honour or class in today's football, but poaching the manager and best player of an exciting new club (to the league) seems a bit off imo.	Behaviour off the pitch is just as important as ability and behaviour on it imo.
Obama is related to Bush &amp; Cheney.	Holy shit, those guys fucked?
Or a hardware addon, or even just an actual PS2 with an HDMI port and bluetooth receiver for the controllers - I'd settle for that.	Or the old models which *had* backwards compatibility..
Really kind hearted by taking away food, clothing and MAYBE a tiny bit of luxury from her two siblings so she can have her pride?  How is that commendable???	This article doesn't really make a lot of sense though.  If you read the first one that's linked in the OP's article, it says her brother is older than her and in college.  Why does he need his high school sister's support?
It's a joke that their engines can make insane amounts of power but their suspension is not meant for drag racing so the car struggles to actually get traction.	And now it all makes sense.
You're not a badass when you smoke at, e.g., 50 years old, but you are *considered* one when you're in high school	She's smoking a non filtered cig - thats pretty badass.  I'm wheezing just looking at it.
So when does customer service become weird?  newlinechar 	yeah, the only wirdo is the customer, who buys belkin modems...
Oh don't say that...  I've heard evangelical ***pre- med students*** say men have one less rib than women... 	Even if it were true, if they are using their logic, all the ribs would disappear. newlinechar  newlinechar Though if they do say that you can just point out 'Your lack of knowledge of basic human physiological fact shows me you are not qualified to comment'
People really need to shut up about this.	Yes they do, but I think a constructive comment helps fix the problem. Also, if someone is new, they might not have used the search tool and don't know what has been discussed. That doesn't exonerate them, but it does mean that we should just comment, downvote, and move on.
Because it's not special in any kind of way.  newlinechar  newlinechar I found a character named rths, should I post him in every thread that arthas is mentioned in?	Agreed, this would be more relevant if it were two players called James/Edward.
I thought of this as well. As far as we know, though, Meer's the only one that's been voice acting recently, and until we have more information we cannot make conclusive.. erm, conclusions.	On the bioware forums i saw a list of voice actors that tweeted about recording for biwoare lately, it was rather long. Let me see if i can dig it up.
[this is quite an amazing video in terms of sadness](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOAcRKZxjy4)	Fuck me running. I couldn't make it through the entire thing.
I almost want to laugh, but the dangling preposition, in this instance, really is cringeworthy.	its actually not bad to end a sentence with a preposition in english, thats a vestige from latin.
I love parallel parking my mini! Wish I were this good :)	No you don't. How would you get out?
I think she's warming up to it, I said 'name him what you want, I'm calling him Dave'. Another one is Rolo.	    Dave: Open the back yard door newlinechar     Durock: I'm afraid I can't do that Dave
Everyone loved L, but yeah too many people got a hold of it. 	Personally, I hated L. 
The school settled, if they'd taken it to court I imagine they would have lost but I assume the school didn't want to do so for some reason.	All it would take for this kind of thing to stop is for the school board to grow a pair and let the parents try and sue, then lose. When it becomes common knowledge they will not simply settle I would imagine the number of cases would drop right off.
Actually I read it in the voice of That's so Raven	That's kind of Raven.
haha. That's a first. I have meet a few Croats and they seem pretty chill, but you if you dare mention the year 1991...God forbid you'll hear the end of it.  Same thing with Serbs.	Serb here. Shits cool dawg. newlinechar 
no it doesn't.   newlinechar Although it refutes this statement you made:   newlinechar &gt;'Machine gun' is *not* a generic term for all firearms which have a high rate of fire. newlinechar  newlinechar According to US Law, it *is*.	Why do we care what US law thinks?
I think it is Blizzards intention to eventually stop us swapping to mf gear before we kill something. I would not be surprised if in the future switching anything but weapons will take our stacks of NV away.	I think I read that your MF is noted before you get to a given pack of enemies so that you couldn't really swap out, but I'm not sure if it's true.
This has to be at Disneyland, on the Jungle Cruise right?  	I think it's Disney World.
Woohoo!! what does he win?!?!	a downvote!!
it is dota 2 my friend!	I think he means Diablo 3...
But did you watch that ludicrous display last night ? 	Well the thing with Arsenal is, they always try and walk it in! newlinechar  newlinechar [One of my favourite episodes]
That's a very well-written synopsis.  With the story being spread out over several books, there was a lot I had forgotten or mis-remembered.	I think the most interesting thing you notice when you look at the rebellion as a single narrative is how much is missing and speculative
Cosby can't even write Cosby's ramblings well	[He can sing it though.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QLwjDigdM6k)
It's OK. They were only carttens. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: punctuation.	get out   newlinechar    newlinechar *upvote*
Shit! I broke the NDA! newlinechar  newlinechar ^^^Or ^^^did ^^^I?	the NDA is fine but you broke the pinky swear we all took with Higby! 
It is neither weird nor abnormal. It is simply the healthy progression of the stages of grief. I commend you and your parents.  	But after 1 year already? And ain't it weird I don't even feel down on his birthday and stuff?
Sorry, it's actually a bit of an SRS term (in that even if you google it it doesn't really show up outside the fempire).  newlinechar  newlinechar Straight Able-bodied White CiS-Male	Isn't it newlinechar  newlinechar &gt; Straight, Able-bodied, White, Cisgendered, *Sexual* (rather than Asexual), Male newlinechar  newlinechar ?
No it was just the random 'oder' instead of 'or' ;)	How did that happen. Thank you.
Oh jeez, i just thought I saw lotion and tissue and assumed, you know.  cause that's.  nevermind.	???????????
Haha, I graduate in a month, and worked at IBM as a software engineer last year...this could work!	Wow you two, get a room. An interview room. &lt;3
What is the purpose of the protein powder? Taste? Consistency?	Absolutely, both. In fact this was originally a protein powder pancake that I added almond flour and baking soda to.
I'm amazed at how little his supports know about him.	With all the Ben Swann and daily paul misinformation they buy into, it doesn't suprise me.
'Uuuuh hey leroy, does this look centered to you?' newlinechar  newlinechar 'I've been drinkin' shine all day, but yeah, I's can't sees it from my house!'	It looks centered under the light, but not above the nissan badge. I think it's a matter of perspective. I think it's a pickup, with the angle of the shot skewed.
Live is better!  I've got tickets in hand for July.  It'll be my 3rd time seeing them.  They are the best!	Show up early for Lionize. They're amazing as well
Hi-Rez already cancelled plans on a projectile based sniper rifle because UE3 can't handle projectiles going faster than a certain speed.	This concept is v hard for /r/tribes
So call her.	What is this 2002? I've put my penis inside her more times than I've called her. Maybe I'll call her tonight though. We'll see how that goes.
He is called Chicharito because his father was called Chicharo ;)	lol I know... I was just making a joke about how he isn't so 'little' anymore! Even though, technically, he will always be 'Little Chicharo.'
Couriers - the hats of Dota 2.	There are hats as well. Don't worry!
Lol, sympathy pains! My husband had the same issue. He never threw up, but he was nauseous constantly.	Lol!!! Today's the first day he's shown any signs, but he was puking just minutes after I had... Oh, it was truly funny to me. :)
&gt;Did her on couch while that was on. Score. newlinechar  newlinechar This never happened.	*lol* FINE! we did it after. This just sounded better. But this movie did rev the ex up. 
Best wrestler name ever: 'Weighing in at 500 hunnnndred pounds.... The Principle!'.    newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: New sport, Mech wrestling	the heaviest wrestler ever? 50000lb? O_o
It isn't a house, it is a very small church. To the left, the photography studio next door used to be Ahavath Beth Israel's school location before we moved to Latah.	Ah, that makes a lot more sense!
sorry you got down voted man, some folks don't read the rules. Have an upvote :)	thank you man =')
Would you consent to Zombie Apocalypse style?	This is acceptable.
Soy Araa discoteca	Discoteca, mueca, La biblioteca 
wanted	Need to re-watch that movie when I'm not around people.
Congrats! :)	I'm getting a spanking tomorrow and being Miss's sub for the night I'm sooo excited!
Ahahaha! I wish I could have pulled that on my husband... But the threat doesn't come out right between the laughing... D:	That's what I expected, honestly. I guess I kind of forgot that she's 8 months pregnant...
Doesn't appear to work in vi...	    :%s/foo/bar/g newlinechar  newlinechar to replace foo with bar
http://www.aljazeera.com/ ? newlinechar  newlinechar 	I'd call that skewed very far in one direction. I don't think there's such a thing as a neutral reporter on the issue.
I feel your pain. I went 10 years in grocery to IT. 	its almost comical the similarities between the two isn't it? newlinechar  newlinechar kinda scary actually.... :()
Stupid kid cuts wrong, removes a few veins, school gets sued.	But it's high-fucking-school. Jeebus. 'Mericans sure crack me up sometimes.   newlinechar Are scissors allowed?
Rumor has it that there will be cushioned seats on all new buses!  Rumor also has it that I start false rumors.	will the seats be more hobo's-bare-ass resistant?
you are just not alpha dog!!! newlinechar  newlinechar no jk that place is loser central	i always wondered about this, i have friends in the PUA community and it's a group of guys who are bad with women trying to help each other, why not go to someone who has been successful from day 1 and never needed to read things like /r/seduction? newlinechar 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2S9b40ITNM Is my only response to that. lol	That's one brave black guy to move into a house he doesn't own in Texas! newlinechar  newlinechar I hope he get to keep it!
'How much do you have to hate someone to believe that everlasting life is possible and not tell them about it?'  newlinechar My thoughts exactly 	I think you should be aware that his implication is not as it seems in this out of context clip. He is saying the reason you don't 'tackle someone' to save them from the truck, is because deep down, you don't really believe the truck is there.
In 100 years gifs will be the dominant language. newlinechar 	Stewardess, I speak gif. 
Many times in Maryland when the power went out I could still use landlines.	Welp, I'm in Ireland.  newlinechar  newlinechar If the electricity goes out, so do phones and internet... I find it odd that this wouldn't be the case really. That's just always how things have been here.
I wanted an unpopulated picture of Hiroshima-jo at 12pm on a sunny sunday in Spring when the cherry blossoms were blooming.... got it by using a tripod, six shots and a little photoshop patience! newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.flickr.com/photos/stunt_penguin/2583094565/in/photostream	Great shot! I didn't have the luxury of a sunny blue sky day so I envy you- though no Photoshop in my department ;)
You don't have 42's with just a 6' suspension lift. Well maybe you took the fenders off. TJ? 	Ya I'm curious about this. 42's on a 12' suspension lift?? What kinda jeep are we talking??
No offense (ok, some) but I really don't want the Messy's and the J's for Jeshys anywhere near /Judaism.  newlinechar  newlinechar They've got their own place where unsuspecting, confused Jews can go for recruitment.  newlinechar  newlinechar Please invoke the ban hammer. 	Agreed. 
cup a tea and a crumpet, love?	Quite
It would be pretty cool to have seen both what the RHCP would have become without John or to see what Hillel would have thought of the band today, considering how much it's changed from punk rock it started with.	Was that a typo and you meant to say 'funk' instead of punk, because that's what the first three chili pepper albums were, pure funk rock. There really wasn't much punk influence in my opinion. 
Ah yeah one of the first Internet trolling methods ever	Yep, many were trolled through Flash and other imbedded medias back in the 1980s.
There are quite a few historical precedents for that being the case. But that's beside the point, because I'm not sure what you're referring to. Which bill is it that we've tried to pass to spend more money?	You are trying to talk sense to a guy whose name is 'gold guy' and he's complaining about the debt for no good reason.   newlinechar  newlinechar Have fun arguing with the libertarians.
honestly, keep doing what youre doing. its fantastic, and we only learn through trial and error. i do music and its basically the same process. i look forward to reading your next front page post!	how come i can never see his posts and everyone else can? this isn't fair! what did it say? please tell me. newlinechar 
I kinda hate ARod for his blonde tips from a while back. 	As good a reason as any.  Probably a better reason than most.
you must not have been on the internet long then...	I'm a seasoned veteran, just prefer fun stuff to crazy things these days.
&gt;but that statistic doesn't really say all that much. newlinechar  newlinechar It's a link. Did you click on it? newlinechar  newlinechar The complete data can be found here http://www.ropercenter.uconn.edu/data_access/data/datasets/social_capital_community_survey.html	'The value of the average religious households gifts to nonreligious charities was 14 percent higher than that of the average secular household, even after correcting for income differences.' newlinechar  newlinechar Pretty interesting!
Or Tyrion and Bronn's continued adventures on the road.	I prefer 'Tyrion and Varys: The Quest for the Gods of Wine and Tits'
you pick the direction, not the range. your just confused by the line-missile display.	It looks like you pick the range. I believe in the video the hit on Sivir went just behind her, whereas he also threw it behind the map. Unless it comes back as soon as it hits someone, but that doesn't make much sense.
I feel like that level of cute should not be physically possible.	I bet I would look just as cute and happy if the friend held me like that.
[HyperSQL](http://hsqldb.org/) will work with 1.4.  The 8.3 names you will probably have to manage by yourself since most underlying OS's support greater than 8.3.	awesome! thanks, grabbing version 1.8 to test now.
That was essentially how I started! You should check out deviantart: There are lots of tutorials on sewing, embroidery and general plushie making. There are even super-easy patterns! Free ones!	Hm. Thank you for the advice. I believe I shall follow it.
[I hadn't seen it](http://i46.tinypic.com/346m53b.jpg)	well you apparently didn't click on the number 1 link two weeks ago.
Does anyone know if or how 529 or similar savings counts against financial aid?	529's are considered assets when applying for financial aid, so a large 529 could have a negative impact when applying for financial aid. 
You're beautiful! (rolling right now)	*blush* thank you! 
Because their hearts have turned into rocks.	When I have kids in the future this will be my explanation. 
He said....**I get it! Because the marlins are fish. And fish stink. And the cubs are good. And bananas. Right?!**	I don't know huber14, that sounds kinda crazy. newlinechar  newlinechar Sounds like you have mental problems, man.
Might want to boost between 14-20000hz.	Sounds good on my Bose.
I don't really have an opinion on Blanton since he played CB at ND but I'm stoked for Smith. We finally have a smart, instinctive safety who takes good angles and wraps guys up.	He's a big dude too.  He's got a great reach on him but he is solid enough to get in there an make some tackles too.  
Marry me.	Only if you're wearing Something Decent
I saw a guy eat spaghetti off a plate one time 	I was once fond of car salads myself.
no logic in here pls	&gt; pls newlinechar  newlinechar fak u gooby
DUCKFACE.	Haha that will be fixed! I was going to go with an evil smirk as kisame seems to almost always be smiling but need to work on my skills!
Heh, it's cool.  I live in Boston and I'm a network engineer, I was actually looking for jobs in Maiden, and this came up.  Crazy!	I like how Maiden is now known for exactly two things: newlinechar  newlinechar Apple's Eco-Friendly Data Center  newlinechar  newlinechar And a Preacher who wants to put 'all the gays' inside a fence.
[Gifsound to the rescue!](http://gifsound.com/?gif=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.deviantart.com%2Fdownload%2F303923932%2Fbest___gif___ever__by_warp_dragon-d50y57g.gif&amp;sound=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DAA5DsLzSVrk&amp;start=0)	Hooray for modern technology! newlinechar  newlinechar [](/rts00 'You watch Adventure Time?')
His baked.	No, my baked! 
It's history book time!  Everybody find your selective facts!	The French annexation of the german territories of Elsass and Lothringen in the seventeenth century was wrong and... oh, you were being rhetorical?
Rabies shots cost 10 grand?  Fuck that.  I would risk it.	Welcome to this corporate stronghold we call America
Yea what is it they arent getting here?	'They' are getting it quite well.  It is erroneous to claim the democrats of today are the same democrats of 60, 100, or 150 years ago.  If that logic follows suit, then present day republicans are communists because the people's republic of China.  
I don't think Windows 8 in its current incarnation will ever reach desktops.  Particularly corporate desktops.  I see this as an interim solution, with Microsoft fully expecting most corporate users to stick with Windows 7, just like they did with Windows XP.	... until they release DirectX 12 for Windows 8 and above only.
Read your first two sentences...	I think he means his parents were American. I think...
Well, look, if you put it that way, everyone is 'pro life'. Typically 'pro-life' is used to mean against abortion, *always*.  newlinechar  newlinechar Abortions should be safe, legal, and rare. I'd reckon almost all pro-choice people would agree with that. newlinechar 	I'm not.  Fuck people.  Abortions for all.
I once pee'd in the sink.	maaaate, i jus look at the bathroom door and piss my pants! So fuckin loose.
And who is upset?	Look around.. people do seem a bit angry... super strange. 
I don't know what this means.	It means faggots are afoot.
How do you know someone's been sick in Ethiopia? The entire villiage is running around with spoons.	Why do Ethiopians play soccer ? For the oranges at half time. newlinechar  newlinechar (insert lots of leper jokes)
Or instead.  It's a reason not to define yourself by what you are not. newlinechar  newlinechar Now, if you are asking me for a reason to be a theist, that's an entirely different question.  Which I can address if you like.	&gt; Now, if you are asking me for a reason to be a theist, that's an entirely different question. newlinechar  newlinechar That's the only way not to be an atheist. (If you include broadly include deism, too.)
Do you offset the pain by cheering for a winning team?  I thought I was going to be doing that with the de facto 'local' team and instead things got worse.	I support both the Wings (as you can see) and Barcelona, so at least I've gotten my fair share of wins in other sports.  Also the Lions, who until recently sucked but are now awesome.  2013 Superbowl champs, awww yeahhhhh.
You are completely oblivious if you haven't noticed the countless numbers of businesses such as fishermen, and restaurant owners who have lined up to take a crack at BP over the last half decade.	Has it stopped BP yet?  Oh, right, not in the slightest.  Because nobody actually owns the Gulf, do they?
motown censured	moi town census
One of my favorite things about Gul Dukat was that you couldn't always tell whether he was good or evil.	The best kind of evil. The type of evil you can understand or even agree/sympathize with.  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar That's what I call good writing
If they haven't read ASOS and still are stupid enough to enter this thread, they kinda ask for it, right?	Done
Sorry, best I can do is 5$.	I need about, tree fiddy
Jerry Seinfeld voice: 'What's the deal with people eating people?' 	I mean, a cheeseburger's only a dollar, and you don't have to fight it!
Let's bro out!	[Get over here bro](http://i.imgur.com/iQbOi.png)
I find his western features ironic.	Well he has to be able to see so he can fight crime.
Still you can compare this to Gears 2 and its laughable.	At least the online multiplayer is better than Gears 2 could ever be. 
google+ hangouts.. pretty awesome.. and it works over mobile networks 	Video is actually very clear. Did coast-to-coast chat with a friend, crystal clear video and audio.  newlinechar  newlinechar 
as a born and raised mississippian (no longer living there).. i approve this message.	I notice you don't use proper punctuation or capitalization. I confirm you were raised in Mississippi.
I got the original joke, the second comment, that I responded to was not not about field trips to the WTC, but in general.	Double Woosh
Bestof is really becoming 'some shit I saw on reddit and upvoted'	What would you propose the subreddit focus on? Hidden, un-upvoted gems? Older comments? Or is this post just not high enough quality? newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Why downvotes for asking clarification of another users opinion?
So.. If you have to pee, you have to leave for the night?	Unless you can classify it as an emergency. I was never sure what that meant. newlinechar 
Denver, Colorado!?  I must have driven by this the other day because I freaked out and scared my wife.  I was like, 'Jurassic Park Jeep! EHR-MAH-GERD!'	EHR-MAH-GERD! JRSIC PERK JERP!
Even though most redditors are like that 	That's why it's hilarious, they're either delusional or self hating.
Yeah and I am sure he raped and murdered a girl in 1990.  He hasn't denied it right?	There are so many things he hasn't denied. Therefore all of them are true!
Your sarcasm-o-meter is broken, good sir.	I'm having it refurbished this week. Its an older model, but a classic and worthy of the work.
What kind of shitty craphole doesn't have phone service with the electricity goes down? 	The VOIP using kind, I'd assume. Or one with a PBX that has a dead battery backup.
Link?	asketh &amp; yee shall receiveth. all from this fine subreddit. newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.reddit.com/r/MorbidReality/comments/t3p3h/kenyans_burned_alivemirror/ newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.reddit.com/r/MorbidReality/comments/t416y/villagers_suspected_of_witchcraft_burnt_alive_in/ newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.reddit.com/r/MorbidReality/comments/t7hou/attempted_necklacing_a_little_surprised_this/ newlinechar  newlinechar TL:DR - fuck kenya.
I'm not sure you understand 'totally straight'.	I am a totally straight girl and I would totally hook up with Katie Cassidy... being a straight dude and wanting to bang Jensen is 100% reasonable 
Half hoping?  I prayed for that ending.  I still do. newlinechar  newlinechar One of these days I hope OP shows up with a story in this sub that just says 'ROXANNE WAS FIRED!'  and that's all.  We'll know what he means.	I prayed for it, and I subscribe to r/atheism, you can't get more militant than that.
What old Diablo ways? D2 at least was all about the quick and easy farm spots (Pindle, bloody foothills, council, etc).	I miss Pindleskin and his silly name.
Ditto. 	SUP LADIES.  I have enough kittens to go around
Makes me want to pirate me some songs...	Yar!
can't leave your hat on forever*'	I used your idea. Let's see if she responds. THanks!
I was shocked when I found out that my clock was off by a whole 4 seconds.	Damn dude what you gonna do?? Get is swapped asap, dont put up with that.
All the replies I've gotten have thought process. I think I love the reddit community. 	To a point, I agree with this, but read [this thread.](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/ubyxy/what_concept_or_idea_do_you_find_impossible_to/c4u2uwc)  It's kind of amazing.
And somehow permeate the idea that he's always hanging around vending machines	And then get eaten by a dinosaur that spits black shit. DEE-AH AH HA, DEE-AH AH HA!
&gt;semi pull off a Seth Rogen newlinechar  newlinechar that sounds sexual.	It's when you make that terrible laugh while you're thrusting.
Good choice on Forum.  I like that.	It's going to be something stupid like 'COMPUWARE-QUICKEN LOANS-BANK OF AMERICA CENTER' newlinechar  newlinechar I'd much prefer a non-corporate sponsored name, but nowadays if there's money to be made off of prostituting naming rights off of anything, it's going to happen.
It is probably an L85 or L85A2. It certainly isn't one of the LSW or Carbine variants. newlinechar [ newlinechar L85A2](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ae/L85A2.JPEG) for reference.	I think it might be an [SA80](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SA80)?
I do not recommend watching LOST unless you want to be disappointed. Very very disappointed.	I will say that the ending wasn't the best and there was a lot of unanswered questions, but overall the show was great. 
Well, until then: [/r/wicked_edge](/r/wicked_edge) where the only thing better than a  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;collared-and-gagged, fuck-me heels sub giving me a hot-towel, brush-and soap, straight-razor shave. newlinechar  newlinechar is a hot-towel, brush-and soap, straight-razor shave done yourself.	Wow 14k subs for that? Damn I wouldn't have thought that'd be that popular.
Maybe you get downvoted because you're a dick, not because the hivemind disagrees with you.	Nope, it's because I say true things that the hivemind wishes weren't true. newlinechar  newlinechar For example, Destiny is bad, TotalBiscuit is awful, and MLG is a ripoff now.
Distraction from Bilderberg.	This is a great point, HT. Just as the magician uses diversion to manipulate the audiences' attention, the social psychology is likewise channeled to focus on a-musement so that observations of malignancy are not readily made apparent.  
And cliche. A creature that cheated death by a hair deserves a better name than Lucky.	Skin o' teeth?
I've been thinking about that...	DONT THINK, DO!
Reversed? Upper reciever black and lower green or what? newlinechar I'v painted my M4 like this http://i.imgur.com/zqrEg.jpg :D	This: http://i.imgur.com/PEelg.png newlinechar  newlinechar With this gun: http://www.evike.com/product_info.php?products_id=29134 newlinechar  newlinechar Some magpul externals, such as the fore grip and pistol grip, and I have to choose between two acogs.  One day I'm going to get that USAF custom pj receiver.
That's my work id.	The ring?  That's AWESOME! newlinechar  newlinechar PM me an application.
Well then you are blessed too: All a matter of opinion sir. Whether short or tall, be happy with what you've got. You seem to have that down. No need to be rude to someone for making a little silly.	This seems a little unfair coming from someone with different height everytime they regenerate
Don't want that gas smell.  D:	Dat gas.
I'd downvote it, but some bright mind decided to take the downvote button away. 	...but people were feeling bad! Don't we care about feelings?
I would imagine it's mostly accidents. Even if there's no enemy shooting at them, they live in a pretty dangerous environment.  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: It looks like auto accidents, helicopter crashes, illness, accidental weapon discharges, and suicide make up a large number of these deaths.	Makes sense, thanks :)
Dude, spoilers.	Neo was dead the whole time!!
Fight for what's right... does that include fighting for your life?	and for your right to party
But , but...no love for d2h :[?	I've never actually seen someone wielding one of those
They said it will be a open sandboxy game. Think Deus ex: HR.	DE:HR is my personal GOTY 2011, but I wouldn't call it open and sandboxy. It was more big, sectioned levels that were somewhat sandboxy on their own. 
And 90s Reds, and hopefully Reds and Bengals here in the next couple years.	Yep. And it's scary that this bullpen is probably better than the Nasty Boys, and three of their better pitchers, including their new closer, haven't thrown a single pitch this season.
Needs more L4D2.	Sorry, I've never been much of a Star Wars fan. newlinechar  newlinechar [](/ppumad)
I looked at Ariel and Helvetica in Word, but I didn't see any differences. I mean, not a single pixel moved.	Helvetica has a few more serifs, I think.  I prefer it, but you really do need to be close to tell the difference.
Anyone think they will ever do a winners only season????	If they do it would prob be for the last season, or a milestone season like season 30. it would be pretty awesome if they do tho.
[S] Jake: Strife	I'm hoping that Dave will intercede.
Why not? The OP says the garbage can was covered, so it probably seemed like a safe place for a pregnant cat. He couldn't even reach in; he had to get the attendant to remove the cover.	How did the cat get in?
I think you have to carry the one.	This is what I don't get! newlinechar  newlinechar Ok so where and for how long?
Ah thanks for that,	...yes?
It is a road where you goooooooo...	...when you die.
Aren't you that crazy bastard that owns over 9000 subreddits, likes controversial things, unapologetically causes redditors to rage, eats his young, fondles animals, fondles himself while eating his young while they are fondling animals and constantly has random accusations jizzed all over you?	Ah, I see we've met. :)
That's probably where balochistan got its name.  Not exactly a coincidence.	He said stan can from balochistan as opposed to Pakistan meaning newlinechar  newlinechar 'Land of the Punjabis, Afaghankis, Kashmirs, and whatever the I stand for'
&gt; she's donating it newlinechar  newlinechar The article only says she's refusing it because she thinks others have it worse. Unless there's another article somewhere, there's no reason to believe she's donating anything.	They mention it in the video at the top of the article.
twit.tv is pretty damn good.	ill give it a shot.
Yeah, I just put Echoes on repeat, does that count?	Echoes do repeat, so yes - carry on...ry on...on...n....
Dx11 had large stuttering and optimization problems. 	Still has
&gt; Professional gaming is only for people who cannot make it through school or have 0 desire to make a decent living in the future. newlinechar  newlinechar You mean like Stephano and Polt?	Heh, or Ostojiy? (currently a student)
We are the 14.9%	Hello ladies. Glad you could make it.
Indeed they are. Crop [the left one](http://i.imgur.com/AGs98.png) out, plug it into Google image search and [voil](http://my.opera.com/Igor-Contrabas/albums/slideshow/?album=2613631), Daghronian is a big fat liar.	Upvoting: procedure terminated.
MY FAMILY HAS BEEN PUTTING POOP IN THIS BAG FOR GENERATIONS! 	PUT THIS LITTLE DRESS ON. YOUR MOTHER SHIT HERSELF IN IT, AS DID YOUR GRANDMOTHER AND GREAT GRANDMOTHER, AND ALSO YOUR UNCLE FRANK.
Ever since MMO's went mainstream with WOW this has been going on. I blame it on these more sophisticated games being played by younger and younger demographics.	Before WoW came out MMOs were a niche genre enjoyed by neckbeard shutins. SWTOR would have been KOTOR3 instead if WoW had never been released.
Any reason for Fischer over Toews (or any of them for that matter), besides homerism?	Nah, I'm just bitter my Habs took Fischer over Giroux.
With a chance of **MURDER**	*'Can you report on that, Ollie?'*
Scheme and Racket are missing.	I was lookin for Standard ML as well!
Very nice, do you know if its being used in a server access layer role, or a distribution layer role?	Access layer role.
you really blew it dude. You had the opportunity to say whatever you wanted to him, and you told the guy to 'grow a pair.'  	Fuck my life. I hate myself!!!!!!!!!
Watch it on LSD.	Yeah, I got me one of those 46' LSD TVs.  All my programs are pretty intense now.
i have much respect for any president capable of running a budget surplus	I met him 20 years ago during the '92 campaign, in Wisconsin actually. The dude just plain oozes charisma, it's no wonder he was getting action on the side, the man is fucking charming as hell.
Lol I wonder that, too. How someone could have such a low approval rating on this website and still stick around.	Sort of like congress. newlinechar 
I know. It was just joked about during the Council - one of the players (UK or AUS, can't remember) said 'Honor with a 'u' in it'.	This was Shaada from the illustrious TEAM TRIANGLE (oceania)
*Very* cool. Always love to see a non-TI get some recognition, too. Haven't had a math class in 7 years, but I still feel some bitterness toward those guys :)	i had the casio for general work and a TI89 for matrices/complex numbers. Then when i lost the TI, i came across this hack. Lifesaver!
One of the best covers out there.	one of the best BANDS out there
But how do you know that wasn't for the fetish? 	I suppose I don't.  newlinechar  newlinechar Alright. I abdicate my position. 
It's possible the report that he was in consideration is wrong.  There's also the possibility that after the year he's had, signing onto yet another tentpole he might not be ready to do it again.	That's quite true. I just want to see who the entire cast is going to be D:
Thank you for that hyper-articulate explanation. I love little factoids like that. 	Me too :)
Does this mean you have a talent for smashing? You seem a little small to be throwing cars around. 	catch me on a menstrual week! (too gross? not gross enough? talk to me reddit)
Snuggie with dick hole. Standard.	More like dickhole with a snuggie.
Better than YOLO.	http://i.imgur.com/p7UZs.gif
What a beautiful advertisement.  newlinechar  newlinechar [This](http://www.jaguarspeedster.com/) is my favourite car at the moment (relavent).	god yes.  over and over again yes yes yes
check out my capt america boxers :p	where?
What about Pinwheel? Weakness: anything.	Getting to pinwheel is the real boss fight. Screw you, wheel skeletons.
I had a friend tell me that Alex Smith was a better 'pure' QB than Dan Marino and he was just in a bad situation to start his career... sooo yea	I'm amazed you somehow got off the floor to type that. 
Gotta second 'Dear Zachary.' Watched it alone and then made my wife watch it the same day. No other movie has made me sit up, halfway through, and say 'YOU HAVE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME' the way that one did.	Dear Zachary is truly astonishing. I sat down to watch it with no clue as to what it was about and by the end I was speechless. I was stunned, mumbling, 'No...oh no...oh no no no!'  newlinechar  newlinechar I think it's on Netflix.
its worth it for the financial bonus, children are overrated	Says the guy with no kids. Nice perspective you got there.
Could you post a link to the app?	just log into your bnet account and add a mobile authenticator, it will give you the download link in step 2. alternatively just search google play/itunes store for battlenet and it's show up
But I didn't rank at all. What's MY prize?	You can hold on to the red snapper or you can go for [WHAT'S IN THE BOX](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KezvwARhBIc)
Well, when you put it like that... if you're making shitty pay, it's a reasonable arugument to quit your job and play Diablo. Then you can starve to death in happiness, unless that happens to be on a Tuesday. Then you just rage die.	You can always just eat Ramen every day!
Wondering the same thing.	I also happen to be in that boat. 
As an Englishman who has been around Europe, I've found that most Europeans, especially Germans and Scandinavians, are actually much better at English than I am at French or Spanish. Some of them are fluent. 	I would go as far as saying that most Scandinavians under 30 (maybe older as well) are fluent.
Statist!	/r/anarcho_capitalism isn't a state. 
Range Report!!!	The trick was to push down then unscrew. Or do you mean a report for the compensator?
Yeah I just read that in the PBE patch notes... Still a little confused about if you don't call it back yourself though.	It will start spinning back to Draven once it leaves the map.
The other person was Garry Newman, the author of Garry's Mod.	Ah yes that's who it was. Loved watching the pair of them keep donating.
http://i.imgur.com/9wbHh.gif	Okay, that thing is creepy as hell...
&gt;Mungbeans are especially known for eating the sprouts. newlinechar  newlinechar [Creed agrees!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fit7WFRb_iw)	Oh god I think I might be turning in to Creed T_T
A prank has a payoff. Theres no payoff to this. He came in mouthwash and handed it out to people.  newlinechar  newlinechar If it dyed their teeth blue THATS a prank.	wow. semen that can dye teeth blue? now **that** I would pay to see
Ebonics	Nigga, dis jive turkey be poppin, yo'!
I do like trains.	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHkKJfcBXcw
Exactly. Where is the proof to back all of this up?  Looks like a good story, but I see no proof or citations. 	There source is a New York Times article, which itself doesn't list any names, because all of the sources apparently wanted to remain anonymous. 
Was about to ask the same thing! I am. 	Mozilla is obviously joining in with the MSM to suppress the Paul message in Ron's most critical moment!  (putting money on us seeing that theory in the near future)
What about 'I'd stick her gorgeous end?'	Still no. But an upvote for effort.
Standing there laughing is much easier. 	Man Law.
What would you propose the subreddit focus on? Hidden, un-upvoted gems? Older comments? Or is this post just not high enough quality? newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: Why downvotes for asking clarification of another users opinion?	It's not really 'best of' anything... Zobie didn't really rip them apart, he just pointed out some incredibly obvious issues with their 'plan'. newlinechar 
Access layer role.	Are you aggregating these into a collapsed core, possibly with a Nexus 7k ? More pictures would be awesome too.
I remember watching that. Felt slightly sorry for Croatia but Turkey were nothing short of exceptional in 2008. 	During the whole competition we were ahead in goals by something ridiculous like 3 minutes.
Lava and dogs dont mix well	Kurt and dogs doesn't mix well in UHC either :D
I doubt its a funding issue, Last time I was there for my vulvuldynia I paid $370 to be told to wear cotton undies because they breathe more. (this was after I told my doctor that since my injury I've gone commando)	That's so expensive!
I'm glad he donated money, but yeah, notch can be a bit cockish someti...a lot of the time.	Good luck going against the circle-jerk, but I'm with you. newlinechar  newlinechar For a forum full of apparent atheists and intellectuals though, Reddit does love its idols. 
I'm totally vegetarian friendly. Some of my best friends are vegetarians. But I, personally, am not.  newlinechar 	I'm just commenting on the flurry of downvotes veggie-oriented stuff tends to get here. That's just my perception of things, anyway. I wasn't talking about you, personally.
Yea, about that....	It can't be...
Why wouldn't you use it?	I don't like the idea of prostitutes. I want to know the girl is there because she *wants* to be there and she's enjoying herself. It's an ego thing.
Yep, many were trolled through Flash and other imbedded medias back in the 1980s.	1980s... LOL
Of course not. Horses pulled Egyptian chariots. newlinechar 	And Cleopatra was Greek, not Egyptian.... Which has nothing to do with this...... But it just annoys me that so many people think she was Egyptian.
You Only Live Thrice? newlinechar  newlinechar You Only Live, Touch? newlinechar  newlinechar You Only Live Taco?	Ye Olde Lunchable Tavern?
You are trying to talk sense to a guy whose name is 'gold guy' and he's complaining about the debt for no good reason.   newlinechar  newlinechar Have fun arguing with the libertarians.	Agreed - one of the worst here.
'Hello, Graham Cracker. Come in, come right this way. My son is up in his room again with the door locked. Yes, just slide right under the door there... Just like that...'	God damnit, I laughed. Have an upvote.
... until they release DirectX 12 for Windows 8 and above only.	If it's not built into the OS from the start, it probably won't be added later (or it will be blatantly obvious that they could release it for other versions). It's how they got away with the DX11 being Vista-only.
Prices of goods are much lower in the US.	Depends on where you are. The US is a big place.
Everything gets downvotes. Stop taking them so seriously. 	Jesusray got downvoted for saying everything gets downvoted, and trying to assist people in having a more positive outlook on downvotes. newlinechar  newlinechar I don't have words for this, all I can say is, I'm sorry. 
[ClassyPotato Illustrated](http://www.reddit.com/r/UsernamesIllustrated/comments/ufk8q/classypotato_illustrated/)	Wooh! Didn't know you were a fan of Minecraft! Nice to see you here!
black pantheon	he aint even black
They're sick.  And the worst thing is that they can look like any normal person!  Perhaps we should make them wear armbands with ponies on them so they can be more easily identified. newlinechar  [](/c22 'I want my armband to be Pinkie Pie!') 	Don't worry, they do that already.
I'm sorry. Please don't take my karma away. :(	Don't worry, I'll defend you by giving you karma. 
It boggles my mind that someone is able to do that. Like, I wouldn't even know where to start. 	Step 1: Get a light source.
Ouch, missed on it by 36 seconds :(	I do say sir. The first comment was 'Hi!' - They said NOTHING about them wanting it. However this kind chap (zamakusi) was indeed the first person to comment displaying their desire for this steam key.
But what *is* it? There's another thread naming the chemical but people seem to be disagreeing. Do purchasers of this product use it without having any particular idea what it is?	Yes.
I disagree. New game, new characters. Why would I want to play as the same characters from BL1? I have spent enough time with these characters and GB is going to include them as NPCs in BL2 anyhow...	It may not be true and idk the link but I heard something about you being able to get the original characters as a DLC and you'll be able to play with them. It would be a while after BL2 comes out though.
He doesnt give a flying fuck about what we think	For a strange reason, I actually respect him more for it.
only number he said was related to casting for some tournament - and it wasn't exact - only 'under 1000$' newlinechar  newlinechar also he said that he just can't tell because EVERYONE wants a NDA on that stuff	Wait, what? How can you have an NDA on income? That's like saying 'lets not tell the IRS about this transaction'. It can't be legal to put NDAs on income? Or? newlinechar  newlinechar Oh, and thanks for the answer!
I'm going to see this in a couple of weeks on a roof in East London. I don't know much (actually: anything) about F1, but everyone who has seen it says its awesome.	Yeah, it was the same scenario for me. Fortunately, this is the sort of documentary that is go in without knowing anything and coming out learning new and wonderful things.
Thanks, I've picked up your EP and I'll get the new stuff when it's out. I like it a lot, thanks for the post.	Thank you for the support!
What the fuck?	Y'know, [slave day](http://artmory.wordpress.com/2011/12/01/oh-lawd-gem-from-a-1980-yearbook/)!
Characteristic-defining abilities be damned haha. By that logic, [this](http://magiccards.info/lw/en/39.html) also fits the criteria. Technically correct, but hardly in the spirit.	But, but, but it's the best type of correct!
Getting to pinwheel is the real boss fight. Screw you, wheel skeletons.	Yeah, fuck the catacbombs. And also fuck tomb of the giants. Both of those places are not my pals.
....and how would you manage that?	You be extremely short. 
HAHAHAHA nice try :P With how strongly I feel about not wanting that phrase on our currency I will never give this up. It represents a time when, at least in this respect, church and state remained separate. I wish that were still the case.	That's good, because you'd probably get (falsely) arrested if you tried to spend it anywhere.
*herring	That's how the spell it in Westeros.  Ser:Sir :: Haren:Herring
Really wish I could give more than one measley up vote for this.	people are irritating
Don't worry about him. Some of us like girls who aren't afraid to offend people. 	Fuck, cunt, twat, dead baby.
I like Floyd's name. 	I do, too. Floyd just has a pleasantness to it. 
 I will temporarily allow a site...But if that still does not cut it,I go elsewhere. Anyone who tells me to turn off Adblock gets to eat my back button as I leave.  newlinechar 	I only allow like 4 sites,everyone else gets temporary. Ghostery is a huge help in finding the right script to run a page.
I wrote a web app that does this [overview here](http://theagreeablecow.blogspot.com.au/2012/05/network-printers-app.html).   newlinechar  newlinechar Allows users to easily manage their network printers in a couple of clicks.	That is pretty great. Any chance you have a version with only one domain/printserver that would be easier to setup?  I tried simplifying your script, and got a bit confused by the four different sites.
I will not snipe those green eggs and ham, I will not snipe them on a hill, I will not snipe them with a hat from Bill, I will not snipe those green eggs and ham.	Sam I am!
The dress is a little wonky, but the look on her face makes me love her just a little bit more....	Maybe 'wanting to remove her dress' is the look she's going for.
Works for bringing up the [menu](http://classicshell.sourceforge.net/), which I use quite extensively. However, it cannot be used as an replacement for Win-Arrow or any other windows key functionality (Win-d, Win-r, Win-m, etc).	Remap a key using an application. I did this before to my netbook that had a smaller right ctrl key than the stupid right-click menu button.
I'm going to join this train, I'm 21 parents are both 61, my step mum is 45 and my step dad is 44! 	Fuck all that shit I was born without parents.  newlinechar  newlinechar Amoeba status 
&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232; now you're just being pedantic. Not sure if you're trying to commit online self-pedanticide or...	Pedantry relates to being specific about *irrelevant, unnecessary details*. Call me crazy, but I take the sun's location very seriously.
Probably something along the lines of 'capitalism is a legit way to organize an economic system.'. Or maybe, 'hey, I pray occasionally.'	Actually, from the admittedly few times I've opened the downvoted comments, they're usually extraordinarily intolerant or stupid. Sure, the 'my opinion is different than yours' comments exist in the 'ultra-downvoted' category, but I've found that that's a minority.
Hopefully the Suppressed SBR bug will bite soon ;)	Here's a [start](http://media.photobucket.com/image/suppressed%20sbr/gotm4/ADM%20mounts/ADM019.jpg), I went looking for suppressed SBR porn.
There is no evidence at all that he took any drug so far.  newlinechar  newlinechar Drugs do not cause this on their own.	Definitely true. Takes a twisted mind to do something like that. I've done a lot of drugs and only tried to eat a face twice so I don't think there is a connection
Thank you, I've always been to scared to ask...	I was also scared...
You can also double tap Numpad - in order to zoom out a bit, giving you a larger FoV while in first person. I personally use this, and I believe it comes in damn handy. 	Very cool - thanks for this - will definitely be trying this after work today. newlinechar  newlinechar I'll also try doubletapping other keys, as it seems to affect many actions.
Genius.  Some of his calls to live TV shows are up on YouTube.	[here's](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HN1Dp4iuspI) one.
I stopped midgame the other day to admire the textures on the Payload tracks.   newlinechar  newlinechar I love this game.	To this day, I love how the light reflects off weapons. I love that shit.
Ars Technica is a pretty legit source.  They do lots of in-depth tech articles.	I've come to trust their legitimacy less after they wrote multiple pieces on the CSIRO being a patent troll. Just because someone uses patents for their legitimate usage doesn't mean they are a troll.
It's not a cowboy hat! It's a Bavarian Alpine hat!	It's a pilgrim hat. He's a pilgrim, like John Wayne.
Crop out the window frame and rear-view mirror and you'll have a photo that looks like you braved walking out on the freeway to capture it.	[Done](http://i.imgur.com/XWmF1.jpg)
only because once you died there would be sweet relief.	I can't disagree!
Geo. is an abbreviation for George.	Thanks :) That makes sense. Looked like an L to me but I am quite rubbish at reading old writing. Thank you again!
http://www.11secondclub.com/ newlinechar It's a monthly competition. They give you 11 seconds of audio which you then animate to.	just found it. Looks very interesting, the mountain goat winner really moved me. newlinechar thanks! newlinechar  newlinechar p.s. good toon, mate :)
*'Can you report on that, Ollie?'*	IS GON RAIN. 
romney pls	accualy is obama
Short for 'Gratulerer'(Congratulations). 	yea I know.. But in danish it means free:p
Holy shit, those guys fucked?	That's not how it works. newlinechar Why downvote the truth.
no, i'm still phasing out my scene side. it's difficult	Keep some. Its awesome.
to the Humble Indie Bundle V, a bunch of games you can get for whatever money you want to pay and it all goes to charity or the developers!	Ah yes, I remember this, its a charity for games consoles in childrens hospital, or something along the lines thereof.
look bud, this entire conversation stems from a joint effort to ignite a resinal debate on life and the real resin for living.	I feel as if that joke was kind of blunt man..
/r/asongofmemesandrage	Didn't know about that one. Thanks.
Normally Reddit is the friendliest DDoS attack in the world. But, I'm not so sure the friendly label would apply here. 	http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3pjdpi/
He said stan can from balochistan as opposed to Pakistan meaning newlinechar  newlinechar 'Land of the Punjabis, Afaghankis, Kashmirs, and whatever the I stand for'	Oh I get it.
Golly gee, and why would they want to present a clean image to visitors?	(I think the answer is to make more profit, but don't tell IntellegentIdiot that)
This does not sound like it was written by a physicist.  newlinechar  newlinechar Source: in grad school for physics. 	It does not sound like it was even written by a native english speaker. newlinechar  newlinechar Source: Dictionary.
catch me on a menstrual week! (too gross? not gross enough? talk to me reddit)	Nah, could've been much worse. It only gets gross when you go Donita Sparks and throw a used tampon at people. And even so, it would probably be fairly effective against Loki. 
2011!	2012! IT WORKED!
Could you find any hours? All I've got is an address from the Facebook and Yelp pages.	11am-8pm daily.  (Had to stalk their Facebook photos to find this out.)  
Policies like this bring sexual tension in otherwise harmless activities in the first place.	I agree. But they're meant to protect the teachers. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: And the schools. If teachers have been told to behave a certain way and they break policy, I think the school is no longer responsible or something.
Sadly, you're both right. Representative democracy is like listening to the radio, you chose the least worst option. 	NPR
Mass Effect has totally spoiled me too. I try to play other games and think 'why can't I post up on this wall?' or 'why isn't this character as interesting as Shepard?' And now there's a game mode that exists as an infinite time sink? FUCK.	Same here. I used to be a gamer, now I'm just a xbox owner that plays mass effect. 
It's brilliant 	I for one have no problem with the exploitation of homophobes.  
Do like me, ignore biotic charge and focus on lashing and smashing. newlinechar Works perfectly for sitting at a medium distance and dealing with units like centurions and marauders. 	I have seen this strategy, and I've seen it work very well. I was pretty reluctant to see a Vanguard who wasn't charging, but the guy I was playing with was really good with just lash/smash/heavy melee. 
True, better than bombing. But perhaps even better would be to refrain from launching a cyber attack against a country that [all 16 US intelligence agencies believe is not even trying to build nuclear weapons](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/02/25/world/middleeast/us-agencies-see-no-move-by-iran-to-build-a-bomb.html).	Wow! Thanks for that link, I knew that business with Iran had all the looks of yet another 'Iraq &amp; WMD' incident, but I didn't know it was so blatantly dishonest. newlinechar 
**No one has said anything about the Chrono Trigger Cut-outs??** Those are by far the best part of this station. Otherwise, not bad.	[The only thing that is in my head right now.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J5FFDj7vH6E) (Frog's Theme)
I'm sorry but do you work at global creatures or showworks or something?	I wish, I did some internships with the creature factory during the production of 'How to train your Dragon' but it was all paperwork. I'm with Broke Badger, mainly up-cycling things from old shows and the tip and selling them to low budget school shows.
I don't know if you necessarily fixed it, but holy shit, I just spit RedBull all over my keyboard. Thank/fuck you.	ahhh, the thank/fuck. personally i think this is a vastly underused sentiment.
He's still technically a Hoffenheim player, I believe. I don't think anything's been signed. 	woops.
And in this one comment you revealed that you are relatively young and have no idea how health care works. 	No offense detective, but if you wanted to know I was relatively young, you could have just read my original comment that said 'at my school'
Do you have a list of questions that you want to be covered already in mind or would it be worth starting a /r/minimalism faq contribution post, getting people to submit their ideas for what should be in the faq?	I think I will make a separate post with 'what I think the questions will be', and people can answer/propose their own questions as they wish. I'll cherry-pick the best Qs/As and stick 'em up on code.reddit.com!
one time i left my car running while watching braveheart. I realized like 3 minutes before the death scene, you know, where william wolllace gets his head cut off.  True story, bro.	It's coincidences like that that really make you wonder if there's something more going on.
[WWWHHHAAAAATT?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8fWNtYGew8)	DAAAAMN someone beat me to it.
The alleged existence of an explosives containment chamber has already been clarified as having been part of a nano-diamonds programme: http://ipsnews.net/news.asp?idnews=105776 newlinechar  newlinechar Also, it would be almost impossible to get rid of the traces of uranium if experiments with uranium and explosives were done.	Also, you'd think that with all the reported success of Stuxnet, Duqu, Flame &amp; whatnot there'd be at least a few leaks of 'their' tangible incriminating information.
Exquisite chests are supposed to generally have high level drops. The picture is from a show about a pawn shop, where the guy pictured is notorious for giving shitty offers for items, generally starting with: 'The best I can do...'	I don't think I have ever seen an Exquisite chest.  So I expect they are more rare than resplendent and there for have better drops correct?
This....this guy....	[](http://i.imgur.com/O2pBe.gif)
Interesting the effects would be. Yes. 	Effective this has been, in gaining my interest.
Totally serious, how would you put 'alot of existence' or 'alot of schadenfreude' in a useful sentence?	This sentence has alot of schadenfreude and alot of existence?
&gt;but because of their insistence that historic, legendary figures need to be drastically altered. newlinechar  newlinechar Yeah, Superman should still be unable to fly and Batman should still shoot people on a regular basis. Nothing should ever change.	Black Canary should still be an alternate universe MILF who possesses her comatose daughter's body to fight crime and hook up with younger men. 
Same could be said about just about any hobby or thing people are into, I'm not getting worked up though :S; just adding to the discussion. newlinechar  newlinechar I like that Redditors make it a personal mission to leash anyone like this.	I didn't mean to offend, it just seemed like you were getting worked up over the details and wanted to suggest you shouldn't, in the long run it isn't good for your health. Did not mean to 'leash' you in any way.
Don't forget blinding flash.	Don't forget the Alamo.
**RAMPART**	What's that? I really wish someone was around to tell me about it.
Everything about this movie so far has convinced me it will be far more faithful to the spirit of Ditko and Lee's early work set in modern day.  newlinechar  newlinechar Not ragging on Raimi's films but...well yes, I am. They were painfully self-indulgent, all of them.	I don't know, I think Doc Ock is gonna be hard to beat. 
You need to go check it out. Think of it as an adventure!  Don't tell your friend that you are going... but take someone with you. What's the worst that happens, you find out it's a prank?  Best case scenario, you save some poor bastard named Ray. 	&gt;What's the worst that happens, you find out it's a prank? newlinechar  newlinechar That's not even **close** to the worst that could happen.
Tell me where to buy it!!!!	Here you go.  $37 is a bit steep though: http://www.redbubble.com/people/rapplatt/works/8909658-beemo-face?p=iphone-case&amp;type=iphone4_deflector
I guess all the rooms just look the same then.	I was scrolling through the comments because I thought it was my old high school... nope!
That isn't helping, damn you!	*cries louder, baconator*
Does it mean that it now makes sense to skip some 'tanky' AP items to make her more powerful? For example, skip double Dorans/switch Rylai's with Rabadon's Deathcap?	The AP ratio changes are pretty small. I guess it does encourage building AP, but IMO not by enough to make it worth changing your build.
Some fundies; Think being gay is wrong. newlinechar  newlinechar Worships a half naked, ripped dude.	&gt;a half naked, ripped dude. newlinechar  newlinechar  who is hung [like this](http://www.thegoodatheist.net/images/jesus_shlong.jpg)
They made cupcakes out of him...	[](/ajlie) We'd never do such a thing!  Don't listen to that guy, come on over and help us make the next batch of baked bads.  I mean goods.  Baked goods.  It'll be fun!
I'm suddenly hungry ...	Meat + potatoes = awesome = legit cause of hunger --&gt; Talking about hunger makes me more hungry.
TREBLE.	You spelled 'terrible' wrong.
r/oldparents?	r/howoldareyouandyourparentsanddoyouhaveanykids
Dam I could have gone on holiday with that $2,000. 	Can someone clean up all this broken wood?
Downvotes? Seriously r/europe? Jesus christ guys, the guy answered the question about what he takes for granted in his country. newlinechar  newlinechar Just because most of you don't *like* gun ownership doesn't mean you need to downvote him. You disappoint me r/europe.	exactly, the question wasn't 'whats good about your country, that is handled worse everywhere else', it was what we take for granted newlinechar  newlinechar 
That would be pretty sweet if it did	If it keeps on rainin', the levee's gonna break
I'm an E, and if I want to run, I have to wear an expensive sports bra, a crop top, and then a restrictive sports top as well to hold everything in - they don't bounce around, but it's not comfortable to have everything strapped in so tight!	Exactly- my boobs don't move at all, but it's really tight around my ribs and upper body from being so constricted
These bullets are 27% lighter, so with the same amount of powder, these will get up and go a whole lot faster. Higher muzzle velocity generally allows better accuracy. 	flatter trajectory not necessarily better accuracy
Hooch *IS* crazy!	So Turk... I heard it was you responsible for my...brothy shower.
If you don't have one already, one of the Naked palettes.	I think I'm gonna ask for this!
Around the same time as the new Madvillain	imagine they both dropped the same day, as a surprise.  The hip-hop world would explode/implode with shock, delight, and likely criticism.
you've been saving this .gif for a while now haven't you?	I could have posted any dancing.gif I've saved, but this is /r/TheLastAirbender, damn it!
I went to high school with this guy.  His name is Akshay Buddiga.  Pretty cool dude.	So did he just pass out here and was ok?  Or did something more serious happen?
You've found a supply crate!	They are called Treasure chests now.
There are backup solutions for business/education popular cloud email providers.	Oh, I know. But those cost money...
We write it that way because that's how we say it - 'January ninth' as opposed to 'the ninth of January.' It makes sense.	The fact that you're being downvoted is a true testament to what an America-hating circlejerk reddit is.  newlinechar  newlinechar Way to go, guys. You really showed wilsonh915 what an idiot he is! /s
You le mad?	[Cool story Broesia](http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3pjdrl/).
~~How about 'British Petroleum' since you found her at a gas station~~ newlinechar  newlinechar Actually, 'Lucky' would probably do it. 	Lucky is to.... cliche. newlinechar  newlinechar Think shitty brain. Must find name.
Looking like a douche and being a douche are very different, he seemed like a nice guy to me.	I know, but I've got quite a few rock star biographies and I'm pretty sure whenever Dave Navarro crops up he comes across as either a douche or boring/uninspiring.
H0rrible should move his comment into that subreddit	If only that were possible...
I haven't seen it in a long time, but the ending sounds about what you're looking for. Glad I could help!	Don't forget to use the word SOLVED in your response so that the post gets flagged.
If you had read the article at all, you'd see they called it 'Olympic Games.'	If you had good reading comprehension you would have understood that *Olympic Games* was the overarching cyber warfare project targeting Iran of which Stuxnet was one element.
Yeah. Why can't ME3 be perfect and glitch-free like every other single game in the world?	To be fair to him, the Vanguard glitch is inexcusable three months after release. 
I really wanted some pertinent questions, to be asked that was an insult.	Just the fact that you added they should see Valencia as well made it humorous to me.
[as you wish!](http://www.reddit.com/r/celebritylookalike/)	Now, bring the people.
Welp, I'm in Ireland.  newlinechar  newlinechar If the electricity goes out, so do phones and internet... I find it odd that this wouldn't be the case really. That's just always how things have been here.	The phone line provides enough electricity to run the phone handset.  newlinechar  newlinechar Do your landline phones really plug into the wall?
Scootaloo and Sweetie Belle had cutie marks in the previous generations, though I doubt they will be kept (if at all shown), since there have been changes with the mane six's marks already.	&gt; if at all shown newlinechar  newlinechar True that, forever ablank newlinechar  newlinechar Also, loved the pic, the cutie marks were friggin' right, i wonder who smacked some sense into their superhard skulls?
'A smallish group of ladies not particularly good at math or birth control' doesn't have quite the same ring though, does it?	I personally like this better. When a name of a company tells you what the company does, it sticks in your mind. If it doesn't, you think 'Ummmmm..... Dafuq?'.  newlinechar  newlinechar I would rather a name be truthful.
pffft he's only a hobbyist urinist.	A [pissant](http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/pissant), you might say.
I'm getting tired of reading about cunting tyres.	TIL 'cunt' is a verb.
&gt;unrational decisions newlinechar  newlinechar Why would 'support your own' be unrational? Does rational really equal cheapest?	Define 'your own'. Your town? Your state? Your country? Your continent? Your planet? You're happy to disadvantage another human being because of some arbitrary line in the sand and a few minor regional differences?
no, sorry.	It's working now.  [Unaltered screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/XP8TQ.jpg), of course you will just have to take my word for it.
If you remove the cooler I would recommend applying fresh paste. Your temperatures are reasonable though so don't bother unless they get akk funky.	I agree, every time you break contact with the past and cooler, you need to remove all paste and apply fresh paste.  Also some paste takes time to settle in.
with battery recharge and bb resupply stations. holy funking orgasmic that's great.	Comeon man, man up! We carried enough BB's water batteries and food at OPP to last us the whole game - No reason why a few guys in each squad can't run backpacks for the whole group.
How many times do we have to say it. RANDOM. Not charity acts of pizza. RANDOM. This is a perfectly acceptable request and much better than all the sob stories around here. Good luck to the OP.	TOTALLY AGREE..... and OP, check your PM :)
Basically, *Animal Farm* was denouncing Soviet socialism because it was totalitarian, is that correct?	Correct, it wasn't about the redistribution of wealth but of the oppressive and hypocritical government (all animals are equal...but some are more equal than others)
How do you know that it kicked you out?	Posts like this are why I tend to wonder if Ketostix do more harm than good sometimes. 
well, i don't know what to say to this other than pvp is not the only thing in Eve Online.	no it isn't. but its a part of almost everything. miners will have to learn to defend themselves or they will continue dying. Its simple as that.
...all just waiting for the inevitable decay that time brings to be broken and to be replaced with grief, betrayal and death.	I think they're both as inevitable as each other.
I wouldn't do that as it might piss Brad off. newlinechar  newlinechar The last thing OP needs is Brad all pissed off and looking for vengeance.	Or, more realistically, to have some friends side with Brad...
The year it was made should be stamped on the rifle near the serial number, although its possible it could be too lightly struck to see. The B could also be the Savage S, sometimes they look like B's or 8's.	I don't think it had a year stamped, but I'll take a much closer look around. And I'm pretty sure it's a B, I can tell it apart from from the square looking S's :)
But it's high-fucking-school. Jeebus. 'Mericans sure crack me up sometimes.   newlinechar Are scissors allowed?	Stupidity and idiocy are not limited to American borders. newlinechar  newlinechar And scissors are allowed. newlinechar  newlinechar My concerns with public schools are the lack of sanity controls.  newlinechar  newlinechar That is, mentally ill students/teachers can gain authority/just go completely fucko bazoo. newlinechar  newlinechar 
The other one is named Juliet.	Thanks! 
this is the same kind of asshole who thinks since young male drivers have to pay more car insurance because of 'misandry'	It's funny how when biotruths are anti-woman it's just the facts of the world, but when they work against men it's suddenly 'misandry.' 
Use a credit card for lots of things! Build your credit score! But make sure you have the money to pay them back AND at least 6 months rainy day funds. 	Note: This only applies in the US. Everywhere else it's great advice to not live on credit.
I feel like this 'distance' issue needs to be stressed more.  To many people seem ignore physics.	Pft, what has physics ever done for me?
Not Hitler. *Sea* Hitler. newlinechar  newlinechar Hitler of the Sea.	*Under the Sea....*
No that's Scotland	IRISH POTATO FAMINE. newlinechar  newlinechar *Ah the good ol' days*
Thanks for the recommendation.  It's actually kind of surprising that you can't use the cards from the original; considering how many different sets there are, you'd think it would've been easy/useful to integrate them into the boardgame version.	I'm sure you could if you really wanted to, just try to ignore the different backs of the cards. Then again, you'd have to take out additional monsters that didn't have standees, but items and equipment would work
They need to do way instain motherboard. 	These mapping cant frigth back.
At the end of the day all that matters is are you happy? 	I think the PPQ will make me happy. Thanks. 
Bat boy?	[Rick Scott](http://totallylookslike.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/rick-scott-totally-looks-like-bat-boy.jpg)
Correct, OP is a newfag.	[radar going off](http://i.imgur.com/hYM6t.jpg)
Eh, I don't know. I can't help thinking Patchface is a Bombadil-like character that works on paper but would look *really* stupid on screen, and not in a good way.	Yes. The 2 seconds of screen time that Dontos had as a fool was really bad, I'm not suprised they cut most of his scenes. Fools don't really work in the show.
I love it when OP delivers.	I feel like thats been happening a lot more often recently.
Yeah?  newlinechar  newlinechar Well my God has a hammer.	So does [mine.]  (http://images.wikia.com/lotr/images/b/b0/Melkor3.pjpg.jpg) newlinechar  newlinechar And three pieces of bling in his helm.
You did not *really* stay meaningfully productive for 20 hours straight.  Your exhausted, sleep deprived, delusional brain might have thought you did.  It was wrong.  You were producing crap and would have produced higher quality work faster if you hadn't have done that.	If I produced crap, I would hope my professors would have noticed and given me low marks for it.
igetitnow.jpg	although it would be a better joke if they didn't use 'eggshell' as a color. i used to work in a paint department, and this drove me nuts. eggshell is a sheen, not a color. eggshell could be light blue, after all.
Don't be dumb, that is a line straight from Family Matters. It's basically Urkel's most famous line.	Yeah, but Urkel doesn't say it when he's Urkel. Its only after he goes through the cool machine and becomes Stephon does he really use that line.
Athletics and Acrobatics, Oblivion style. I miss maxing them both out and sprint jumping off cliffs and flying halfway across the country :( haha.	Damn, I need to play Oblivion.
Even though it's a waste, it's a pretty good kind of waste.  	Yea.  It's absolutely worth it.  
I actually see this as nothing to be smug about, if that really is a picture of a cop car getting a fine, then it is one governemt department taking money from another and paying someone to do it, all on taxpayer time and money.	Well, I don't know where you've worked, but every place I've worked at requires the driver to pay speeding fines/parking fines, not the company, I imagine it's the same for most other people.
I'll prepare my armed bear.	Bear cavalry reporting in, sir!
What is wrong with unpredictability?	F1 teams don't like it because it makes a lot of their background work seem useless.
but that won't stop the occasional prankster from hooking the usb to a 240v outlet. :D	Damn it, now I have to carry around a multimeter.
Sorry on my phone hit reply too soon newlinechar  newlinechar My advice don't be sorry don't be ashamed know you are wonderful and they are a tool. Most importantly trust yourself.	Thank you. I do trust myself, and I *think* I have no major regrets about this event.
So self-interest counts as a reason when corporations do it, but not when governments, politicians, or segments of the electorate do it?	well a lot of the harm isn't intended. It's done for noble reasons with bad consequences. 
Definitely give Mason and Dixon a shot. It is a bit more approachable than some of Pynchon's other works. Plus it's very apropos with a Transit of Venus coming at the end of this month! 	I'm debating between M&amp;D and Against the Day on which one I want to read first.
Don't worry, they do that already.	badumtsch
/r/Longboarding is confused why it isn't moving and under your feet.	because im forever alone and had nobody to take a picture for me. xD
I think he means how there are photos of hardware boxes making it to the front page every second day.	This is what I mean. I also was referring to the large amount of front-page posts saying things like 'Today I don't go back to console gaming' and its just a picture of the components they just bought for a new tower.
OP here. newlinechar It was on my Inbox today. newlinechar Also, HL2:EP3 page on GameSpot says it's a 'E3 2012 Featured Game' newlinechar I'm REALLY confused.	Valve said they aren't announcing anything though. I think Gamespot are trolling. 
I do say sir. The first comment was 'Hi!' - They said NOTHING about them wanting it. However this kind chap (zamakusi) was indeed the first person to comment displaying their desire for this steam key.	Well, I, jokingly, actually commented 'I want it' as the OP requested.   newlinechar  newlinechar Let's not make a big deal out of OP's generosity. newlinechar  newlinechar Poor guy deleted his account.
killed him when i got the chance	You monster!
Looks like Friendship is epic indie games too!	[](/twipride 'Look at um go...') If you didn't know, the BronyBundle has donated a couple thousand dollars on the more recent (if not all iterations) of the Indie Bundle :)
Same here. Not even big enough to fill out cute summer tops, bathing suits, bras...	Hard life :(
I like that this bot exists. Trolling should be difficult. Makes it more fun.	I just wish they would close the parenthetical comma... =(
someone has to be make a move and be more adventurous, catch him by surprise.	Yeah but the point is that I don't really feel like it.  I want to want to, but I just don't.
http://i.imgur.com/bJmmn.gif	'Thanks'
Donald Trump isn't just any stupid conservative. He's someone Romney is heavily using to do robocalls and share a stage with.	Except that [a lot of conservatives think that's a mistake.](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/05/27/george-will-donald-trump-_n_1548873.html) 
I'm from Houston, so humidity is second nature to me.  	We get this thing called 'a breeze'. You might like it.
It's already established through FOIA that Oswald was on the payroll of the CIA. His widow's tax returns are classified, likely because she received his government pension.	Jack Ruby worked for Nixon also.
I added it as an afterthought, because it really has so little effect on how much I enjoy a given dram.	That's funny - I never noted color on my reviews. newlinechar  newlinechar When I see something very light, I don't care. newlinechar  newlinechar When I see something very dark and rich looking, I assume it's E150 and don't care. newlinechar  newlinechar Either way, I don't care.
Is your dog's name Luke?	Or Sue.
Why the past tense.	She lived in Miami
I feel like there's reference I don't get?  	Breaking Bad
You forgot about Wall Street and the US government, the twin causes of all evil in the world, ever.	god fucking damnit I hate them
Because, in an act of revenge, I painted 'FAG' on my roommate's dog.	Poor dog, people probably thought it was a fag until the paint came out.
Quote Video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B6tgWhMKqNk&amp;t=8m18s	For 'blocked by Channel 4' people: newlinechar http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5HPRolB0WI
Word! newlinechar  newlinechar Ironically, my nickname IS Satan.	That's not ironic, that's just coincidental.
He wasn't always a wizard.	makes sense.
Jag brjar att misstnka att nt-crmes marknadsfringsavdelning har hittat till reddit.	Ja verkligen, vad r grejen med denna nt-cremes dyrkan? :D
So make yourself a list of known, trusted experts on a variety of topics, and if something seems fishy (or someone tells you it seems to be), contact them and ask for assistance.	This only becomes possible by massively expanding our flaired users and finding more for areas currently lacking (I am currently the only Seleucid Empire specialist in the subreddit, to my knowledge, and also seem to be one of the few with information about the Assyrian and Achaemenid Empires as well)
no.	&gt; [NO NO NO NO NO](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8IXCK1EyP4s)
United states of Europe.Dominate in every sport:D newlinechar  newlinechar Czech Republic hundret percent opt-out bcs 'Germans after 100 years rule again' feeling.	Sport, now that's an interesting point. I can't imagine the millions of football fans of Europe wanting to give up their national teams for a USE team. I wonder if this would hinder any progress to a USE, or would it be irrelevant?
GOD DAMN IT	This exchange made me smile more than the jokes. Thank you.
[You ask, I answer.](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/ueogj/apparently_60000_fell_off_the_back_of_a_truck/)	Who killed JFK ?
i can't believe this got downvoted 	Hasbara team doing its work.
Yes, and it is pretty easy to do that as compared to a naan in my opinion.	It is easy if you are eating a Masala dosa. Very difficult with a crisp paper plain dosa. 
You forgot the Toon aswell.	i was gonna put them in the list as well, but wasn't sure if they will keep up the same form next season. I hope they do, they were awesome.
The ACC will be in trouble when it has less than 12 schools. It's currently on track for 14...hardly the time to panic.	You can't honestly tell me that you'd be happy with the ACC as a football conference if it didn't include FSU and Clemson. The Big East has 13 football members. Do they have no reason to panic?
[](/b15 'Chimare? I see what you did there.  newlinechar ')  newlinechar Great name and great label! What style is it? 	It's a Belgian Abbey Beer!  As any Twilight Sparkle beer would deserve, I did a lot of reading to prepare for it.  We missed a gravity reading along the way but based on initial gravity and the effects of consumption, we're estimating it at around 7-8% ABV.
[](/a21) Who says they are mutually exclusive?	Not sure if that's a good thing....or bad....
[](/nosebleed)	I couldn't have said it any better myself.
&lt;3 libble	I really want to see libble take off. I think the ratio system is difficult to understand at first, but there is so much potential and room to upload content
'den lige i skabet' r det som huvudet p spiken? [666]	Ja :P
Close Enough.	I approve.
It's funny how when biotruths are anti-woman it's just the facts of the world, but when they work against men it's suddenly 'misandry.' 	its funny my spell check doesn't recognize misandry as a word
Then you should have learned to call us 'the winning team' newlinechar  newlinechar Jk. 	Oh, I never cheered for Pitt or Penn State.  Uncle is a WVU alum.
It seems I'm usually the one defending young QBs like Gabbert and Tebow around here. Ryan, Flacco, Cam and Dalton's quick grasp ruin it for QBs like Brees, Manning and Moon. Hell, even Favre was shitty until his 1994(4th year active) season.	Two different kinds of Bad. 
best friend is not a compound word.	... Untill now! newlinechar  newlinechar //DISCO PARTY!
Fisting is subtle. TIL...	I read that book, there was no fisting.  Among its many other disappointments.  I'm going back to A. N. Roquelaure.
Am I missing something? I didn't think 8 CMC cards were ever considered playable outside of fairly extreme circumstances, such as cheating them into play.	There was a Jund deck that splashed blue for Deny Reality and Nicol Bolas back in the day that ramped with Lotus Cobra and some other sweet interactions.  Nicol Bolas isn't unplayable in standard by any means, he's a crazy good threat.
Hit by an alcohol on his way home!!!	The alcohol was drunk driving!
LensRentals.com ... It's as simple as it looks. newlinechar  newlinechar And get the damage waiver.  *Always* [get the damage waiver](http://www.lensrentals.com/blog/2012/05/the-damage-waiver-bearly-covered-this-one).	I dunno, I never get the damage waiver, never had a problem.
Yea, I get your point. newlinechar But you still can't compare these two... newlinechar Normally breastfeeding in public isn't as inappropriate as fucking in public.	Indeed - I'm just saying that the 'it's natural' argument isn't that valid.  I totally agree with you, though.
I wouldn't be posting if that were the case. Act 3 currently. Checked them all.	It isn't true in Act 4 either so don't get your hopes up.
and the military suspends the constitution on a whim quite regularly in the way it handles its internal affairs.	The constitution does not apply military memebrs afaik just the ucmj, you are contractually and indentured servant with no rights until your contract is up.
Judging by the scrawl on my doctors notes, I'm not sure any doctor can read.	But they sure can identify boobs! 
I will say that the ending wasn't the best and there was a lot of unanswered questions, but overall the show was great. 	The show was fantastic, until it ends leaving you with unanswered questions. I think anyone who hadn't watched the show and now considering it, should know this.
Oh my goodness she's absolutely adorable, and I love the name Tabitha! Congratulations!	It's like you read my mind!! She is super cute and that name rocks. :)
They gave him the free iPad he had won.	There is a single officer in your area and they want to meet you!
There is, and the top submission is the Queen firing an SA80. A very appropriate top post! newlinechar  newlinechar This one'll fit right in there!	I couldn't have been more pleasantly surprised by how awesome that picture is.
Not until there's english subs :P	I'm actually on to something. Made a subtitle application yesterday and is thinking of using Evil Genius translation as translation ...
9% body fat; 91% lady killing 70's porn star.	Best description of a person, ever.
Just like Freddy Blassie.	The fashion plate of pro wrestling.
Simply stunning, ma'am.	Beautiful
That's becuase most of the crazy shit comes from the Old Testament which atheism loves to spew verse after verse. 	Yeah, they have that .5% of the bible memorized down pat.
I can't get it to work :( I'll have a look for some other examples and see. At the moment I get the hover effect but not the transition, its OK actually though.	Cool.  I might mess around with it, if I get it to work I'll message you. newlinechar  newlinechar --Robert
Mountain dew does not come from a mountain! newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar BOYCOTT!!! newlinechar  newlinechar     Edit: Hi mom I'm on reddit!	BUT SANTA IS REAL. RIGHT?? *RIGHT??*
I remember the internet before the word Cosplay. What a good internet.	That would be over 20 years ago. Not a great Internet.
How dare he likes something that you dont!	I couldn't really care less if he liked it or not, i just find it unfortunate that a (SPOILERS!!!: MY OPINION!!!) reasonably average show has such a huge following
It probably brightened their day too!	There are actually a few shots where you can see the cashiers' reactions.
...yeaaah!	[thecosmicfrog illustrated](http://www.reddit.com/r/UsernamesIllustrated/comments/ufl0e/thecosmicfrog_illustrated/)
Black Canary should still be an alternate universe MILF who possesses her comatose daughter's body to fight crime and hook up with younger men. 	I... would be okay with that.
How old is your dad?	Late 50s.
except for the fact that he has said that he enjoys the show.	[](/priceless)That's priceless
Depends on where you are. The US is a big place.	True, some cities in the US have a very high standard of living.  The average wage goes up as well though.
TOTALLY AGREE..... and OP, check your PM :)	Haha. And problem solved.
where do I sign up?	http://www.icelandair.us/
My kickball field was asphalt.	...aren't they still that way now? What the hell are kickball fields made out of?
Well I'll upvote you but enjoy your vast downvotes from said windows admins.	Shit I'll upvote him because it's a joke within a joke! 
i;m waiting for them to provide the proof i asked for before I do anything	after 15 hours no further response and no proof from OP.... offer has been extended to someone else
You should learn what Zen is.	That would involve, like, reading sutras. That's not zen, man.
WHY ON EARTH	Is it really that surprising? If you're at an academic residency, value is placed on publications and cutting edge research. Nearly every neurosurgery residency in the country requires research as well. They're training academic physicians, not community physicians, and part of an academics job is to do research.
No dude, which one were you doing behind the school?	third grade was fighting newlinechar  newlinechar fourth was fucking sammy and jenny 
It's funny how guys are supposed to come up with original, creative, attention grabbing novels, yet a woman could reply back 'Orangutan shit' and according to most guys: 'OMG THATS WINNING HALF THE BATTLE!'	I do love a good non sequitur.
Don't forget to use the word SOLVED in your response so that the post gets flagged.	New to this subreddit, thanks for the reminder.
I really really hope that one of them will read this or other comments like it and think for a second. I don't know if many will though :/ but we're still going to keep on loving anyway, like you said: Unconditionally. 	I used a real email address - albiet not my real name, so I'm hoping to get a response.
Fair enough. Maybe I've just been looking at the wrong things.	I notice all the upvoted breads because I can't eat them. Sort of like reverse confirmation bias. Maybe there's something similar going on with you and the veggie stuff?
This was Shaada from the illustrious TEAM TRIANGLE (oceania)	This man knows even more.
Dude, I hate to be the one to tell you....but the Marlins have a better record than the Cardinals....	http://i.imgur.com/97MEy.gif
But.... but the other guy's a girl! 	I am the other guy (girl)! I never said I was an *attractive* girl.
He also might have said, 'Hitler, why didn't you kill Stalin?' Since at that point Hitler would have just been a flash in the pan dictator of little more significance than Francisco Franco.	'Flash-in-the-Pan Dictator' newlinechar  newlinechar This should become a thing... the name of a band, or an Advice Animal, or a movie or webcomic or tumblr or something... I dunno... something!
More than likely... newlinechar  newlinechar But since our fits are evident in our many, many lossmails, who cares	Really either our doctrine comes out now, or when we use it and whelp a 100+ man fleet into a hostile BS gang or something...  newlinechar  newlinechar Plus Most corps doctrines are well known to all (PLs fleet doctrine, goons doctrine, ect) 
directed by...	MICHAEL BAY
no it isn't. but its a part of almost everything. miners will have to learn to defend themselves or they will continue dying. Its simple as that.	yeah, but some people simply cannot defend themselves well. i agree that miners need to start looking into corporations that can protect their ships... mining fleets with a logi or two is starting to become essential.
You know what gets me about that? All the other seals just stand around; apathetic bystanders.	[Maybe they have small dicks.](http://www.harpseals.org/about_the_hunt/faqs.php#meat)
do you know any other korean thrillers? I've seen, Old Boy, The man from nowhere, Ip man 1 and 2, any other suggestions? I love them.!	The Vengeance series as already mentioned as well as I Saw the Devil and Thirst. There's a few other with high ratings I have queued that should show up if you start adding those to your queue. Also, Ip Man is Chinese.
How do you access the soundtracks anyway? If you don't mind.	When you're on the downloads screen, up where you select OS and download method, there's a 'Soundtracks' option.
Yes. And we are jealous.	^ I agree with this guy, I get cotton mouth so bad I bought a 1L water bottle and drink it Every time I smoke. Although not gona lie I do feel much better drinking more water
inb4: Dr. Patrick Bateman is Dexter's identity to buy animal tranquilizers.	Thank you, that spares me from the humiliation of asking who that is...
Whoa. This creates a problem. I don't know what to think or say or do	Then... some other dad will say that mistakenly. 
It's the same art man as HL2 i believe	That's impossible, that guy is working on HL3. Right? Guys? Oh.
Thanks.   Feel a little guilty for using it without posting much - but then everyone else finds things out before me!   	You'd probably feel less guilty if you gave OP some internet points (upvotes)
Oh well, that's cool. Personal opinion I guess; if weed isn't your thing then it isn't :)	Well don't get me wrong - I just finished a bowl myself. Just because it's my last choice doesn't mean I don't enjoy it, I just enjoy other things *more*, ya know?
[why not ?](http://i.imgur.com/vgzLA.gif)	That was fucking magical.
He is a goldendoodle/labradoodle?  He doesn't need to imitate a cat.  He's adorable all on his own ^_^	He's a labradoodle, although I swear he thinks he is a bichon or something.  He just doesn't quite realize how large he is sometimes.  I've never personally seen a dog that big climb up onto the back of the couch.  Smaller dogs yes, pony-sized dogs no.
Hey, be nice to the athletes. :(	I'm referring to professional athletes. I even stated that I'm a coach myself.
what movie is this from	[Penelope](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0472160/)
how long is the trip? it it...[500 miles?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbNlMtqrYS0)	Yes, but he's not walking, he's driving.
But the urns are somewhat monstrous in size...	A monstrous crea -- urn!
Good point. I didn't realise the stupidity of that. newlinechar  newlinechar Maybe rotten flesh?	Squid have a small chance of dropping bait, maybe? (digested fish)
Grammar is too mainstream.	God damn hipsters
Have you ever tried to say no to the CFC?  newlinechar  newlinechar My goodness, the things they'll do to you if you don't donate ... 	Yea, I donate a buck.
Will the military be doing a Drone Airshow? I've heard the new Anti-Civilian drone can identify and strike someone carrying gold, or gold backed currency, from 50 miles away.	We can hire TSA for security?
I'm not that fond of him.  Too much hair.	His brains are in terrible danger.  newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: I should have reassured you. I'm sorry. He's putting the hair away now. 
These pun threads are so *Baad*	wool you please show some sympathy?
Nope, I ate 20-30 some percent and it hurt.	Stop losses !
When I die, rich and extravagant in my late twenties, I wish to be buried in a life-size borderlands loot chest.	That's a fantastic idea! Now I just need a midget to pop out of the chest if they ever have to exhume my body...
Oh no, you misunderstand, the M&amp;P is fine, the cartridge is not. newlinechar  newlinechar But never look a gift gun in the barrel I guess.	O? I haven't really heard anything about the 40. What is the problem with it? Aside from it being expensive and somewhat hard to find of course.
sorry, I don't know who this is, care to explain the irrational reasoning? 	Tigers GM from 1996-2002.  Traded away anything we had to rebuild, got nothing in return, and after he was fired we were left with the 2003 Tigers, one of the saddest 'Major League' teams in history.
No zero policy? He should have given them all a score of 1%. Still within the policy guidelines, even if they aren't doing the work, they still fail.	Give them a -1%, that way they lose 1% of their grade AND it complies with the no-zero policy.  You're giving them LESS than zero.  As long as you tell them beforehand 'If you don't complete this assignment, you will get -1% for your grade.' 
I work in Tech Support.  newlinechar  newlinechar The other day we received an email of an error a user was having. They had taken a screenshot alright, but then photographed the screenshot displaying on the screen with their phone. Brilliance.	www.reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/comments/tpx2d/how_not_to_send_a_screenshot/
The trick was to push down then unscrew. Or do you mean a report for the compensator?	lol, the bottle cap!   I have seen youtube vids on the Effin-A comp, very innovative design and well priced.   Definitely a must for the lucky bastards that have full auto capabilities. newlinechar  newlinechar *edit*: No offense if your a lucky bastard!
Aren't they normally like $.53? Nothing to get worked up about.	DONUT RUIN THIS FOR US
and for your right to party	Anytime I see 'Fight for your right' the guitar riff immediately plays in my head.. 
I don't recall it ever being taught, probably just mentioned in passing.	So they don't teach you how the UK conquered the world and then lost their empire?
That article talks about other places besides the US. Care to prove that selective abortion happens here in the US?	Come on now, you know facts have no place in /r/politics.
I thought lotion and tissue by the computer was a guy thing.  	Yep, Clean hands are important.
does anyone else think that eventually, if left alone, companies will actually start doing things like this? I mean, didn't McDonalds get rid of 'super-sizing' and start offering healthy food, without the government telling hem to do it?	McDonald's probably did that because of pressure from that likely liberal filmmaker, the one who tried to suicide off of McDonald's food. I don't think companies would randomly serve smaller or healthier portions just out of the goodness of their hearts unless the culture was trending that way *naturally*.
You don't use AC adapters for those? You're gonna have a bad time.	Personally, I do.  But some musicians prefer to use *slightly* weak 9Vs to get more interesting sounds outta their pedals.
Yeah, but physical filters, software filters, doesn't matter. You do it your way, I'll do it mine. Don't bitch to me that I'm 'not doing it right'. Unless I ask you for advice ... which I won't.	Yeah, if someone is condescending for any type of action, fuck'em.
not everyone lives in your fucked up country.	Yeah, because the U.S. is the *only* country with truancy laws. 
Relevant: http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xip02d_talking-funny_fun	wow, this was hilarious. Thanks for sharing!
I'm amazed you somehow got off the floor to type that. 	He uses hyperbole a lot.  He also said that Peyton Manning doesn't belong in the HoF because that means he's next to Montana and Young.
It's perfectly safe so long as you know what you're doing. newlinechar  newlinechar [](/ppboring 'Of course, you're also supposed to have a knife handy just in case.')	[](/pinkamina) I stash knives all over Ponyville in case of a knife emergency. 
When I was a sophomore in high school we were changing into our uniforms for marching band and walked into the room where all the girls were changing. They were in bras. Close enough.	That must have sucked.
Yo ... Have patience. This is just the first DLC. Can't always get what you want.	Haha, of course. Honestly I am very appreciative of the hardwork Bethesda and its programmers put into the game. They're just...just awesome people.  
David Tennant, of course. I picture him when I picture the Doctor.	That's an instant friendship maker right there buddy. High five! 
Maybe, but usually young girls are not exactly proud of their developing or new breasts. They have many conflicting feelings about them.	What I was pointing at was how the boy was painted is all. We all say hurtful things when hurt ourselves even though we try not to, and children going through puberty are definitely irrational at best.
Ah, all the greats!	:D
**TL;DR: Jesus drove into the store on a harley while giving an elderly person the finger**	TL;DR Jesus drove into a harley on an elderly person while giving a store the finger.
Well, I'm too dumb to cure cancer, global warming, starvation or stop wars and rape from happening, and I was born in the wrong country to be able to influence world politics. newlinechar  newlinechar What can I do?	Live a happy life and don't do too much harm to others. Smile to strangers and every now and then give to charity. Have 3 or 4 great kids raise them as responsible happy people and eventually die with a smile on your face.
If only that were possible...	/r/ideasfortheadmins maybe?
As a unicorn this offends me, ILL HAVE YOU KNOW THAT THIS IS NEITHER NEIGH! NOR HAYY!!	Charlie?
His name is Robert Paulson.	His name is Robert Paulson. newlinechar 
Still no. But an upvote for effort.	I love how you took the ~~batman suit~~ mod flair off to say that. Nice touch, and yes, upFire for effort.
the delay is because I need to save up enough money to buy the plugins for advertising and in app purchasing plugins for android.	ah ha, i didnt think about that part.... The only few programs i dabbled with were a few to learn the ins-outs of java/android.
You should just wait until the summer sale starts, where it's almost guaranteed to go to 75% off. Depending on the kind of sale, you may be able to find plenty of people willing to trade (check /r/steamgameswap and other related threads), or just straight up buy it for you	ah awesome yep think it's pretty lucky timing for that, just so i know when does the summer sale start?
that just lets you not type the password in plain text as part of the command.  very useful for batch files and scripting, so you don't store passwords in the source.	wait, what.. how does that work?
get tickets early at the box office	Definitely going to do that as I surely wouldn't mind seeing a Miyazaki film in a theatre.
The fact that you're being downvoted is a true testament to what an America-hating circlejerk reddit is.  newlinechar  newlinechar Way to go, guys. You really showed wilsonh915 what an idiot he is! /s	In Australia, we say it as 'Ninth of January'. Or at least myself and people in my area do.
Saw it in theaters too, loved it. Nice tearjerker when Bruce is saying he's breaking his promise to his daughter and won't be coming home at the end. newlinechar  newlinechar Today its just another Michael Bay movie to turn my brain off and enjoy the fun characters.	Exactly what I'm thinking! It has good actors, but is soooo unrealistic that I can't ignore it.. (that dosen't make it bad though!)
I'm no expert, but I think that's for misdemeanors, such as underage drinking. A jail time sentence will likely stay on her record forever.	For misdemeanors, you can either pay the fine and get out, or you can stay in jail until the fine is paid (1 night = $100).  Truancy is a class C misdemeanor in TX.
Basically, Mexico can play any team, on any stadium in the US, and sell it out, as you can imagine, there are huge profits to be had	don't forget about money to made in mexico in a sold out 105,000 seat stadium either.
Need to read this again soon but one of the things I took from it is to ask people questions about themselves, people love talking about themselves.  	That's what I took from it, then spent 15 years trying to not talk about myself at all...
Give this man his damage!	Not my damageesss!
Actually, from the admittedly few times I've opened the downvoted comments, they're usually extraordinarily intolerant or stupid. Sure, the 'my opinion is different than yours' comments exist in the 'ultra-downvoted' category, but I've found that that's a minority.	You are right.  Usually the super downvoted comments are mother fuckers, it just makes me laugh when it's just a minority opinion being downvoted.  
Why? it's his house.	Agreed. My house has become weekend hangout place for my friends and my roommate's friends are over during the week. I don't get to play games anymore!
I don't know huber14, that sounds kinda crazy. newlinechar  newlinechar Sounds like you have mental problems, man.	*mental problems, man.*
Stupidity and idiocy are not limited to American borders. newlinechar  newlinechar And scissors are allowed. newlinechar  newlinechar My concerns with public schools are the lack of sanity controls.  newlinechar  newlinechar That is, mentally ill students/teachers can gain authority/just go completely fucko bazoo. newlinechar  newlinechar 	But overprotectiveness and lawsuits are pretty American traits, no?   newlinechar EDIT: Come off it. If lawsuits aren't an American staple I don't know what is and neither do you.
That means he fucks your mom. newlinechar  newlinechar How does this make you feel?	Well if it's his dad, (s)he's probably alright with it. You'll learn that sex is healthy for a relationship in your 7th grade sex ed next school year.
If Jeb Bush didn't have the last name Bush and all the connotations of that name, he would probably stand a very good chance of being the Republican candidate.	I agree, doesn't always help.
'people are of three kinds, newlinechar people like me, newlinechar people dreaming of being like me, newlinechar and people who will never ever be like me' newlinechar it is in Syrian or Lebanese dialect that's why google translate couldn't translate it properly.	Shukran!!
I think the arms and equipment guide has a magic saddle that lets you mount a gelatinous cube. newlinechar  newlinechar edit: found it! Amulet of Ooze Riding, page 85 A&amp;EG.	You win all the things. :P
2012! IT WORKED!	well it can't be *both*
Read his name.	true.  newlinechar 
[](/rc18 'What are you, a dictionary?')	[](/sbbook) Maybe she can read.
Put all the power users in a box. newlinechar  newlinechar Are they the same person, or are they not, or both. newlinechar  newlinechar Schrodinger's mod.	In fact they *all* live at my place.
I second this.	Why did I just upvote this?
As an American...I feel so small now.	Here, I'll share my pork rinds with you. 
What kind of cats are those? Their coloration is so cool.	they are [somali cats](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Somali_\(cat\)). their colour always reminds me of mountain lions. 
False. Everyone knows about sublime.	Not too big on sarcasm I see.
If they are written in such a way, you can have polymorphic malware. These can modify themselves. newlinechar  newlinechar Programs will do whatever they are programmed to do and won't deviate from that.	It's been a long time since I read about polymorphic viruses, but the biggest problem (as I recall) was that they tend to kill themselves with their mutations more far often than they improve themselves.
Yes, we do have holographic girlfriends; but they all have a glitch where they friend-zone redditors. 	ANSWER MY QUESTION ABOUT SWEDEN BRO
Ah yes, I remember this, its a charity for games consoles in childrens hospital, or something along the lines thereof.	The charities this time are that one and the Electronic Frontier Foundation
Nope. Burning down a house is a small price to pay for killing a spider.	Yeah! Did you not see that egg nest?!
I think it means 1Ender's an idiot, or really bad at making jokes. Take your pick. newlinechar  newlinechar Edit: I retract this statement in light of 1Ender's edit. It is I who am the fool.	I'm sorry but how am i an idiot? It's fucking true. Listen douche nozzel i don't come to where you work and slap the sailors dicks out of your mouth so don't try and dispute me on the shit i do on a daily bases. 
I completely understand what you mean and what the potential can be, even when projected to the level of extreme censorship.  I believe, even though it's probably *reductio ad absurdum*, that potential censorship is preferable to certain death. newlinechar 	Fair enough. I think this is just a fundamental difference where we, understandably and reasonably, disagree.
Just a note, I have utmost respect for you Aussies and hope to visit some day. I may just wait a few years to see if your GIANT KILLER SPIDER population drops at all.	Actually most of our killers spiders are tiny. The big ones are our Spiderbro's and we ride them to work.
You can always just eat Ramen every day!	That's a terrible idea. D:
Please tell me there was an abundance of empty beer cups at that guy's feet.	Sober as hell.
&gt; we have to either **work** or pay to get the champions we actually WANT to play. newlinechar  newlinechar If you consider playing LoL and getting IP to unlock new content *work*, perhaps you should find a new game to play that you actually enjoy?	The definition of work isn't necessarily doing something without enjoyment, it means literally 'putting forth effort'. And in comparison to Dota 2, LoL takes much more 'work' to do shit, for absolutely no reason but for profit reasons. 
Fuck yeah, now I have a reason to go to Hawaii.	beaches, sun, and women not enough?
Thank god. 	Well done, would anyone like a cups of coffee?
What does beating on your wife have to do with men's rights?	You mean in contrast to [Mary Winkler](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mary_Winkler). Where she shot her husband in the back while he slept, and the same government set her free with no jail time.
'99 working at target, gene wilder came thru my checkout and his total was 13.00 even, he said 'thats weird' and left. was in st. louis park, mn	He didn't pay?
I'd rather demand that no corporation be allowed to fund elections. 	Exactly. But we can expect that neither the Republican Party nor the Democratic Party are going to bite the hand that feeds and controls them.
Dude this seriously pisses me off, I can't ride half the shit at Kings Island because of this.  Fuck average sized people.	I can't imagine how hard it is for you, I'm half a foot under your height and still can't ride most things.
Well, I'm not 16 years old anymore so it wouldn't really be a problem.	Mazel tov.
She looks like a completely different woman in every picture I see of her.	Well she is an Animagus 
this is a large part of my life also. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: a specific penis though. newlinechar  newlinechar EDIT: also not any vagina whatsoever.	If you want your penis into more vaginas, do not take your cues from erotica.  Pick up a romance novel instead.  
The only explanation that seemed even remotely feasible is that they honestly thought they were following a success formula set by Transformers.  80s toy.. explosions.. uhm.. yeah.	Whoever made this call didn't actually talk to anybody who was a child in the '80s.  We *liked* battleship.  We *worshipped* Optimus Prime.
In that case, wouldn't China be at war with the US (and vise versa, I'm assuming)?	At cyber war, maybe.
Can we see it?	Ah, no. 
I do get annoyed every time they send a text about the Pittsburgh Power	I second this. I honestly don't give a shit about that team.
Aang while super nice and stuff became kind of boring for me by the end of the original series... He was too super nice all the time and naive (his naivety almost feeled forced sometimes...) I didn't dislike him but he wasn't in my top 10 favorite characters... 	I thought he was really boring and kind of annoying in the first season, but imo he got A LOT better in the second and third seasons. Not my favorite character in the series, but still way on top of most animated characters
Oh my god, nearly bought Amnesia the other day and I've been dying to buy Limbo for weeks... This is the best Humble Bundle (for me) ever. Thank you OP. Without you I probably wouldn't have seen this and missed out and killed myself.	Glad I could help stop you from killing yourself. Most of the time my attention to these is bad cause I'll buy the games and barely/never play them. This was one of the best buys to date, however!
Thanks for the reference image, I didn't know what an elder person would look like. 	Taken straight from the top comment of the last time this was posted? newlinechar  newlinechar http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/ka2h5/on_my_way_to_a_lecture/
Humble Bundle.	Succinct. Excellent. Thanks =)
But why does /r/anarchism have moderators!?	Because the definition of anarchy is the absence of political rulers, not the absence of rules and hierarchy.
When has MGS ever made a lot of sense?	Considering you can finish most of the game armed with only a cardboard box and a pack of cigarettes, probably never.
I don't get the idea of carrying weapons all the time; things can get out of hand so much faster.	You're basing this on your knowledge of being in a society without many guns? How do you know? newlinechar  newlinechar I'm sure it 'feels' like it would, but it doesn't
&gt; doesn't mean that now that everyone has the right to be free to live how they will that we shouldn't allow any of us. newlinechar  newlinechar Homeschooling has not been good to you.	Nor has the weed.
If you dodge a Hook, you can dodge a powerball newlinechar 	so many upvotes, for both of you.
Look around.. people do seem a bit angry... super strange. 	Those people are ninjas or something
Problem is...a lot of them don't want to integrate.	If they don't want to, they should leave Germany. I don't go to live in spain and make them speak my language (for example).
You should check out vibram five fingers, those are definitely the best climbing shoes, i crush v1 in my gym all day newlinechar 	Sweet bro I'll check them out. I climb lots of stuff with mono-toe pockets.
For all the complaints ive heard about Ubuntu and Unity, few people look at the benefits...like the fact that its an incredibly stable linux distro, is new-user friendly, has an AMAZING cloud service and integration...Ubuntu IS Linux for me.	lol, did you lift that out of a brochure? 
Yeah, this is true.  I don't want to throw away too much summer waiting for it.	I don't know how much drop is on the Star, but with dropthrough mounting, it's pretty much Peaches without the slide through.  It's 4 inches smaller, but most of that is just because of the cut off ends.  The wheelbase is only 1.25' shorter.
http://imgur.com/a/HkaSl	looks pretty much the same indeed.
&gt;apparently enough to try to beat off notch newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232; newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;*try to beat off notch* newlinechar  newlinechar &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232; | &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232; newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar  newlinechar &gt;**beat off notch** newlinechar  newlinechar &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232; | &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232; | &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;	Go help your Uncle Jack off his horse.
this guy is right.. use Crutchfield for information but buy the parts else where.. i recommend http://www.sonicelectronix.com/  their prices cant be beat and have the same stuff as crutchfield just not as user friendly for finding parts	Yep, they're good too. They aren't an authorized dealer for some brands so keep that in mind. I bought a few alpines with no serials... 
&gt;Also Jack in the Box tacos newlinechar  newlinechar *shudder*	My butthole recoiled at the thought of that. 
With all the Ben Swann and daily paul misinformation they buy into, it doesn't suprise me.	I wonder how much Swann is making on Paul's campaign?
Man, I am glad you agree. Avatar is too much like a live action Ferngully and the message of hugging trees too prominent. I enjoyed it the first watch but I feel like the film has no rewatch value.	Ferngully in space was my first thought too. Although it lacked Tim Curry so it wasn't even as good as Ferngully.
Agreed. Personally, my favorite is ostentatious and anathema.	I'm partial to macabre myself.
That and the whole point of my comment was to quote Sokka.  ;)	In that case I apologize for my ignorance. You clearly are a scholar in your field.  
I once offered a girl a one way ticket to 'blissville'. She actually accepted. I was doing it as a joke to a girl I thought out of my league and just planning to enjoy the oncoming rejection. WIN!	People would be surprised how well this works. Sometimes I'll get bored, and say complete retarded shit just see how long it takes a girl to lose interest. 
I'm ok with it.	:) newlinechar  newlinechar If Louis CK can be outright 'racist' and only get a laugh, we shouldn't be asses about Seth doing the same thing.
Which i wouls be totally down for	With Jet Packs
Wut?	lol, that's what i wondered.  'A Knight's Tale' was a loose adaptation of one of the Canterbury Tales, if I remember correctly.
Witness mark is my rad new vocabulary word for the day. thank you.	You should look into becoming a machinist. You'll use that word near daily. newlinechar  newlinechar Source: I'm a machinist.
I... would be okay with that.	Honestly, who wouldn't? You could make it Murder She Wrote plus Dollhouse. Quick, someone get Alan Moore on this, stat.
Now, bring the people.	i left a comment in here saying i created the subreddit. Hopefully OP will be nice enough to edit their post and put a link to said subreddit.
It even has two weddings!	[hahaha...](http://jrickerd.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/dawson_crying.gif)
